UNUSED
UNUSED
UNUSED
UNUSED
UNUSED
UNUSED
UNUSED
UNUSED
UNUSED
UNUSED
UNUSED
Hail captain!
You and I have nothing to discuss... *captain*.
This is the <TargetName>. Go ahead.
Aye captain! Hail to you as well. What can I do for you?
Incoming vessel, identify yourself!
You have no right to demand anything and this conversation is over.
This is the <TargetName>. State your inquiry.
No need for such rudeness, captain. We'll answer your questions.
Hailing nearby vessel. Please identify yourself.
I don't think so captain. We have no reason to do so.
<TargetName> answering hails. Go ahead.
Greetings, captain. This is the <TargetName>. What can we do for you?
Nearby vessel. This is the <PlayerShip>. State your identification.
Despite what you were obviously told, bothering other ships simply because you're bored is not polite.
Captain <TargetCaptain> answering. Go ahead.
It's so nice of you to call captain. What can I help you with?
Hailing incoming vessel. Please respond.
Listen, captain; I'm sure both of us have more important things to do than chitchat. Well, maybe you don't, but I do. So have a nice day and all that. <TargetName> out.
It seems to me I always get in trouble when someone initiates commlink with me for no apparent reason... but who cares. Ask what you want so we can both be on our way.
<TargetName> responding. We're always happy to help.
What brings you to these parts of Gemini?
Please state your purpose here.
What is your reason for being here, captain?
What is it exactly you're doing here?
What interest do you have in this sector?
So, captain, what brings you out here?
Anything of special interest to you in this sector?
What are you up to, captain?
Found anything noteworthy here, captain?
Do you have anything to report of this sector?
I was wondering what you were doing here...
Captain, can you tell me the way to the nearest station?
Could you direct us to the nearest station?
I need information quickly. Tell me how to reach the nearest station.
If you would just show us the way to the nearest T-Gate, we'll be on our way.
No time for chatter captain. We require your assistance. We need directions to the nearest T-Gate.
Nearest T-Gate. Directions. Now!
This is a dangerous sector, captain. I think it would be best if you relinquished some of your cargo into our safe keeping.
This is a hold-up! Lower your shields for cargo transport! Play along and no one will get hurt.
I want your cargo on my ship! Now!
I've scanned your ship and found out you have some precious cargo in your very own cargo hold. Lower your shields and prepare for transport! Be smart and cooperate and it'll be over quickly.
You've got some cargo onboard. I want it!
Let's make this as courtly as possible, captain. You have certain items in your possession that I gravely need. I suggest you allow my very capable science officer to lock on to those cargo containers and transport them over here. Otherwise I'll be forced to command my also very capable tactical officer to target something other than those crates...
I'm afraid this is not your lucky day, captain. I'm your worst nightmare! Now give me your cargo and maybe I'll let you go...
Nice ship you have there. How about you give her to us?
My, my... what an interesting vessel. I think it is best you gave her up.
Hmmm... such a fine vessel wasted in incompetent hands... If you relinquish command to me, I promise your crew and you will be transported to the nearest station unharmed. Otherwise you'll force me to use some less civilized methods. And you wouldn't want that, would you?
This ship of yours... I want it! And I always get... or take what I want!
Let's make this quick and painless captain. You and your crew have a minute to evacuate your ship. After that my men will transport there to take it over. Understood?
This is a hijack! Lower your shields and prepare to be boarded. If you really really want to resist, feel free to do so. We could use the exercise.
We are the rogue. Turn off your engines and lower your shields. Resistance would make no sense... so... erm... just don't resist. OK?
Actually, I'm sorry to have bothered you. I don't really need anything.
Unfortunately we've got no time at the moment. We'll swap stories some other time. Until then...
I'm not in the mood to chat right now. I'll just be on my way.
I can't believe you're already starting to bore me. It's amazing! Lieutenant, cut the commlink.
Well this was certainly a "riveting" conversation, but I'd best get going, and hopefully never run into you again...
That was all, captain. You are free to move on.
Erm... I don't even know why I hailed you. Well, whatever the reason was, I guess it's gone now.  <PlayerShip> out.
I don't want to talk to you anymore. Honestly. You're getting me depressed...
It's been a pleasure, captain. Maybe we'll continue this conversation some other time, but right now, we have other things to do. <PlayerShip> over and out.
We appreciate the assistance, captain.
I won't take any more of your time. Safe journey!
Not that it's any of your business, but I'm here to ensure *I* collect some bounties. My associates are likely here as well, so I'm not very keen on wasting any more time... If that is all...
We've been hunting some Rogue outlaws for the past month and finally caught up with them yesterday. It was a glorious fight... Then I thought to myself it was about time for me and my crew to head to our favorite station to take some time off. That's where we're going now.
I'm always on the lookout for bandits. They carry a hefty reward. If my scouts were right, we should see some action here in the coming weeks. If not, well... we'll just move our operation elsewhere.
Erm... Captain... My research requires me to do some... erm... field work from time to time and this sector seemed as good a place as any to conduct my research.
As luck would have it, you've caught me in an awkward moment. I just ran one of my experiments, but something didn't work as I had hoped. I apologize, but I must get back to that immediately to figure out what went wrong. Science is at stake here.
We caught a rather special anomaly on our sensors and we've been tracking it for awhile now. Unfortunately, we've lost all sight of it a few days back. Nevertheless I'm still hoping it'll turn up again. Quite fascinating...
Oh I'm just passing through, having a look at the tourist attractions and that sort of thing. Who knows, maybe I'll get the chance to blow some holes in the hull of an innocent bystander while doing it. Hahahaha...
What's in it for you? Are you spying on me? Did my father send you!? I told him I can take care of myself! I'm not a baby you know! God!
You don't want to go there, kid. It wouldn't be good for you. Live and let live, man. Peace!
Oh nothing special happening here, captain. We're just transporting a small shipment. All legal, I assure you.
I don't wish to be rude, captain, but what gives you the right to ask me or anyone else such questions? Are you accusing me of anything? If not, well... then we might as well drop this subject.
Just doing some local errands for some very powerful locals. Trust me; you don't want to get mixed up in all that, so let's talk about something else, huh?
We're just passing through on one of our standard trade runs. You know how it is; buy commodities on point A, haul it all the way to point B to sell it at higher price. *sigh* Then repeat the procedure. Not the most thrilling of career choices, I admit, but it's a life.
We're hauling some cargo; nothing else. Hey... now don't get any funny ideas, you hear! This ship may not look like much, but she's a tough one.
This is a cargo transport. So my guess is... we're transporting cargo. Hahaha!
Oh don't worry about me, captain. I'm just searching this sector for possible derelicts. You wouldn't believe how much goodies can be found that way.
I got a tip from a „friend", that there's a bunch of derelicts scattered in this sector. Relicts from battles fought here a long time ago, but as much as I can see, there's nothing here but utter junk. I think I'll have a long chat with my „friend".
You want to know what I'm doing here!? I'm wasting time talking to you, that's what I'm doing!
We're just patrolling the sector, captain. There were reports of increased unwanted activity in the sector, but we haven't seen any evidence of that... at least not yet.
We got an anonymous tip that smugglers will be using this sector quite intensely and we were sent here to check if there is any truth to those claims. Orders forbid me to say anything else, captain.
What do you think we're doing out here? Taking a cruise!? We are here to provide security for the locals, what else!
Command got us on patrol duty. You wouldn't believe how dull these can get... We've been crossing this sector at light cruise speed for several days... and nothing. Nothing! Not a single fight, skirmish or even a sighting... *sigh*... Ah well... orders are orders...
I am not at liberty to discuss the details of my orders. I'm sure you can understand, captain. Besides, it's unlikely you'd find them interesting anyway.
Intel said Rogue activity has increased so we were sent to secure this sector. I must say I'm rather disappointed. Not much happened ever since we arrived. We ran into a few hostiles a couple of days ago, but nothing else since then.
Sure thing. The closest one is at <DirectionStation> o'clock.
No problem, captain. You can find one at <DirectionStation> o'clock. Hope that helps.
Station? Erm... just a moment... Ah yes. The nearest is at <DirectionStation> o'clock. Just head in that direction and you should reach it in no time.
Why are you asking me that? What happened to your navigational charts? You know what... I think you're not telling me everything!
Hey kid. If you can't find your way in space, what are you doing out here in the first place? Jeez...
Hmmm... Let me think... Erm... No. I won't tell you that; and don't even ask me why, because I won't tell you that either.
Not a problem, captain. There's one at <DirectionGate> o'clock.
Hahaha... A rookie, eh? That's OK. We were all new at this at one point in our lives. The nearest T-Gate is at <DirectionGate> o'clock. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to ask.
You can find the closest T-Gate at <DirectionGate> o'clock. ..And don't worry; I won't tell anyone that you managed to get lost with all that high-tech equipment... Hahaha...
You can't honestly think I'll fall for that... I know you got something else in mind and I want no part in it. If there's anything else...
Are you for real!? You're in command of your own space ship... and you're asking me where a T-Gate is? I think it is best if you let your first officer take your place. Honestly...
Hmmm... Now, that's a brainer. Let's see... No, actually let's not see. I don't think it would be best for me to tell you something like that. You have to learn to take care of yourself and your crew on your own at some point...
Well of course. Maybe I'll give you my ship as well! But, then again, maybe not!
Erm... Did I hear you right? You want my cargo!? Well, you aren't getting it!
My cargo? You want me to give you my cargo? You're obviously deranged and I think it is best someone took care of you before you made any more damage.
Hahaha... did anyone actually do that when you asked him? ...Never mind; you're amusing, I'll give you that... but other than that, you'll only get a good beating...
OK, I'll tell you what... No! I will give you something else, though... pain! And lots of it!
Why you little... No... I mustn't get upset; doctor's orders... But she did say I should find something on which to vent my frustrations... Hmmm... Guess you're it...
Sure thing. I'll even transfer all funds from my account as a bonus... Hahaha... Wait... you're serious! Oh... Then I suppose we'll have a brawl first...
And there I was thinking you were a good guy... silly me...
Ooooh... a challenge! I like challenges, captain. Especially those I know I'm going to win.
What!? My ship!? How about I take off your head instead!? No wonder I have anger management issues when everybody wants to mess with me!
Surely you jest, captain. What kind of a captain would I be if I simply handed you my ship? Look, let's settle this like gentlemen in the old days; with a duel, but instead of using swords or pistols, we'll use the very ships in question. Prepare yourself, captain.
Well, well, well, you got guts captain, I can tell you that... But that can only get you so far and it seems to me this is the end.
We're prospecting the local asteroid field. Who knows, there may be riches there and we won't know if we don't give it a shot.
Just a bunch of miners doing their thing, nothing else. We've heard there's some decent ore to be mined in this sector.
Look, captain; I don't like when people I don't know start asking me questions. I do some ore mining from time to time and that's all you're gonna hear from me!
This is the <PlayerShip> hailing nearby station. Please respond.
You're advised to move along, captain. Your presence is unwanted.
<TargetName> responding. Go ahead.
This is space station <TargetName>. Welcome commander. What can we do for you?
This is captain <PlayerName> sending transmission to the station. Do you read?
We're receiving, but we just don't care. It is in your best interest to leave, captain, otherwise we'll send our security to convince you.
Acknowledged captain; we're receiving loud and clear.
Ah, captain. Word of your success spreads quickly. Welcome to our station.
Nearby station, this is the <PlayerShip>.
Captain, your rag-tag crew and you are not welcome on this station! Leave immediately!
We read you captain. Go ahead.
Greetings, captain. This is <TargetName>. How can we help?
<PlayerShip> transmitting on standard hailing frequencies. Over.
Where ever you go, trouble follows, captain. We want none of that here!
<TargetName> responding. What seems to be the problem?
Space station <TargetName> answering hails. We're always ready to assist a friend, captain.
Nearby station, acknowledge transmission and open commlink channel.
We don't want your kind here! There's probably a whole fleet of Rogues behind you! Lead them somewhere else!
Commlink open. State your request.
Transmission received. This is space station <TargetName>. Welcome, commander.
Requesting permission to dock.
We have some repairs to make and would like to dock on the station.
There's some business we would like to do on the station. Do we have docking clearance?
We need to dock. Do we have clearance?
Our ship is in need of an overhaul. Are we permitted to dock on the station?
Tell me is there a docking port we could use?
I suppose it's time to refit the ship a bit. Are we cleared to dock?
We would just like to know what the situation is in this sector.
Anything interesting happen here lately?
Do you have anything to report?
Did anything unusual happen here recently?
Sorry, we didn't mean to hail you.
Erm... we don't need anything at the moment, actually.
That's all we wanted to know. <PlayerShip> out.
We appreciate the help, but we'll be on our way now.
That's all for the time being.
We'll be going now.
Docking granted. Proceed.
Affirmative. You're cleared to dock.
Sure thing. Docking clearance granted.
Affirmative. Proceed to dock one.
Docking clearance granted. Go ahed.
An ion storm formed on the outskirts of the sector awhile back, but that's mostly it.
We have our security problems, I suppose as any other station, but our officers deal with them on a daily basis. I assure you there's no need to worry.
There were some minor technical difficulties with the docking clamps on one of the docks, but that's fixed by now.
There was some major military activity yesterday. They must be searching for something.
A nice skirmish took place nearby a couple of days ago. A bunch of Rogues were pestering some mercenaries. I tell you, that was a sight...
We've been having an unusual increase in anomaly activity. The Nexus has already sent some of its scientists to investigate.
This is a pretty dull sector, captain. Don't expect anything thrilling to happen here... but maybe it's just me expecting something incredible and life changing to happen...
This is a peaceful sector and we intend to keep it that way, captain, so don't go starting any trouble or we'll set you straight.
I'm not at liberty to give any information at the moment, captain.
If you're in need of some of the station services, you're free to dock. Otherwise leave. We haven't got time for chatter, captain.
Let's not waste any time on idle chit-chat...
Everything is under control. ...Not that there is much to control, anyway...
My main concern is what takes place on the station, not outside of it. I let our security fleet deal with that. If you want to know more about the station, I suggest you dock and see for yourself. Personal experience is the best way to learn...
Don't worry, captain. This sector is kept in order.
Maybe you'd be interested to know that local trade was boosted recently. There's more convoy traffic than I can ever remember.
This is the <TargetName>. Your cargo has been scanned and we've determined you have contraband. Allow cargo transport and pay the standard fine and there won't be a problem.
Affirmative captain. Not much for me to say or do. Lieutenant, disengage inhibitor field.
Erm... no. I don't think so. I think I'll rather take my chances.
Let's make this quick, captain. You've been scanned and yes we've found those illegal items in your hold that you were just thinking of. So? Will you play nice and give it up, plus the fine naturally, or shall we play our own version of cops and robbers with live ammo...hmmm?
Guess I have no real choice. I'll stand down and release the contraband.
Hmmm... that's a tough one. I'll take door number two, cross my fingers and hope *you* die.
Greetings captain. I suppose you already have an idea of the reason for this transmission. If not let me jog your memory. You have something you're not supposed to have in your cargo hold. No? Still nothing? You have illegal cargo on your ship and don't deny it because we already scanned your vessel!
I deny nothing! Instead I'll allow you to transport the contraband and will transfer credits for the standard fine. If I'm not mistaken that will settle it.
What!? Me!? Contraband!? Never! If it's there it's not mine! OK, it is; who else's could it be...but you're not getting your hands on it! I've already spent a lot of credits and there's no way I'm going to lose it all!
Ahhh...what a wonderful day. You're the seventh criminal scum I've caught today, captain, and I've only just begun! Standard procedure: stand down and give me the contraband or... die. Can I perhaps further interest you in the latter, huh?
No commander. I see you're very eager to do your duty and far be it from me to stand in your way.
Another trigger happy security officer...excellent! Let's have some fun!
Captain; our scans show you have illegal cargo on your ship. Pay the fine and release the cargo and you can go. Otherwise we'll be forced to act in a more aggressive approach. What's your decision captain? I'm not a patient man, so don't keep me waiting.
Fine! I'll do what you said! So much money... simply down the drain...
I don't like your tone commander... and I don't like you either. Let's see if you can back those words with anything.
I don't really like you that much captain, but I suppose I could help out a bit. You'll owe me big time for this.
I'm going to lend you a hand, but only this time.
<CallerShip> responding... Oh it's you. *sigh* Oh never mind, I might as well finish what I've started.
<CallerShip> answering distress call. We'll be there in a short while.
Distress call received. Hold on, captain, we're coming.
<CallerShip> altering course to rendezvous with ship in distress.
Hold on captain! We're on our way!
We're always ready to help a friend. <CallerShip> en route.
Distress call acknowledged, commander. We're coming to your aid.
This is the <CallerShip>. We're going as fast as we can to your position, captain.
We'll be happy to help out a good friend, just keep them busy until we get there.
We're closing in fast, commander, and don't worry a bit, we'll sweep the floor with them in no time.
This is the Gemini star system.
Once a powerful and one of the largest colonies of the Earth Empire, under the relentless rule of the Colonial Directorate.
The Directorate governed as a mere colonial arm of the mighty but distant Earth. At first citizens regarded their home planet as something high
and uncorrupted, but as time passed, many realized that the Empire is nothing more than a parasite on their wealth and cancer on their future.
People of Gemini decided to cut the disease out of their body and embark on a journey to find their own destiny among the stars.
Gemini League was an organization founded to lead the new nation to freedom.
The colonial Directorate disagreed and tried to keep status quo using the only means they understood - brute force.
After a long and bloody war, League prevailed over the hated Directorate. Forces of the colonial authority withdrew back to Sector Zero.
They fortified their position at Starpoint Gemini - a massive structure built to protect a huge wormhole that was the doorstep
for invading Gemini in the first place.
The League knew there would be no lasting peace for as long as the Directorate holds the wormhole
and has the ability to receive reinforcements from the Empire.
The battle was one for history and future generations to remember.
When the Directorate came on the brink of disaster, they pulled most of their ships through Starpoint back to Empire mainspace
and executed Directive Nine...
The emergency closure of the wormhole. The device Directorate used ignited a cascade reaction spilling through the entire system.
Nearby planets were scorched and ships that were not destroyed, ended up in a newly created space anomaly later called stasis rift.
Starpoint itself was stranded inside a rift as well and Gateway was closed.
Vast destruction, caused by the Starpoint incident threw Gemini in disarray and eventually shattered the dream of a united and prosperous system.
In the aftermath of the war and chaos, several factions emerged
Baeldor Republic
Korkyran Triumvirate
and Nyxian Consortium
Along with a few independent sectors and other smaller groups, they shaped the new image of Gemini, very different from the one
Gemini league fought for... and died for.
Although it was widely believed that ships caught in stasis rifts were permanently lost, some claimed sightings of such vessels.
Scientists, particularly those of Nexus started researching Rift anomalies. Soon they discovered that the rift doesn't
necessarily destroy the ship or any material object, but in fact it displaces it out of regular space and time.
While inside the rift, the ship is invisible, completely separated and isolated from our influence and experiences no time flow.
Scientists then became determined to find a way to bring such ships back to our reality.
But at that time, no one knew they were actually playing with pandora's box, holding many surprises perhaps best committed to history...
Is the process complete? Are we ready to match frequencies and begin extraction?
Just about captain, we have stable streams and target object is focused. Proceeding with rift closure now...
I'm picking up hull signatures...yes; it is definitely the <PlayerShip>. Hurry, stabilize the ship's integrity and seal the rift!
Done. The target is completely severed from the rift. Scans show no other disturbances in immediate area.
Excellent. Hail the <PlayerShip>.
Unknown vessel, identify yourself! I don't recognize your markings. What authority gives you the right to tamper with my ship?! Who...
Calm down captain. My name is Elenor Ridley and I command this ship, the Archimedes. We mean no harm to you or your crew.
Archimedes? Never heard! Are you with the Directorate? And do you always stress your good intentions with additional ships?
No need for such a tone captain, these ships are here for your protection. I know this is a bit sudden for you,
but I shall answer all of your questions in due time. For now...
Captain, trouble's coming our way. Sensors show three rogue ships on direct intercept course. Weapons hot!
What is going on now? More friends of yours? These don't look as talky as you...
Captain <PlayerName>, time for a quick tutorial! I'm sure you didn't forget how to fire your weapons? Those ships are not very friendly.
Help us shake them off if you wish to continue our conversation. Ridley out!
Morse here sir. Insertion successful.
Morse reporting in, captain. Operation going according to plan.
Captain. Morse here. Job done. Team ready to return to the ship.
Captain <PlayerName>! Are you alright? What is the condition of your ship?
We're in one piece. Who were these guys? I just had enough of this! Time for some answers. My ship was scouting the Ghost sector before heading to Mainstream. This was a pretty lone and quiet sector, and we were about to finish our mission, when we hit some kind of space-time anomaly and before we even managed to scan it properly, you and your bad mannered friends came out of nowhere.
Well, in a manner of speaking, it is you who came out of nowhere actually... Captain, there is much for you to hear, and this is probably not the safest place to be for long.
I'm enough confused as it is, dr. Ridley! My ship is not going anywhere until I hear at least some explanation. Why is your ship not marked as League or even Directorate for that matter?
That is a long story captain. You see, from our perspective, you have been missing for twenty years. You are probably not even aware of that time, but it has indeed passed and many things had changed in the meantime.
Twenty what?! What are you talking about? We encountered the anomaly few minutes ago. You are lucky your ship managed to evade it; it seemed very powerful and unstable.
No captain. That anomaly is called stasis rift, and it captured you and your crew twenty years ago. It separated you all from the time flow of normal space. In your eyes, only a moment passed, but actually your entire world has changed..
What about the War? 
The war ended years ago. Empire abandoned Gemini and the Directorate collapsed soon after...
Well, good; we won then. Right?
I'm afraid it is not that simple. The situation is very complicated and...
Sorry to interrupt captain, but more rogues are on their way. Two large squadrons, closing fast.
Well, captain <PlayerName>, we shall have to finish our chat in some more appropriate time. Time for you to leave. I don't know what the status of your ship is, but you must keep yourself out of harm's way this time.
I can take care of myself dr. Ridley. I saw my share of fighting...
No doubt captain, but you see... the problem is your ship...
My ship? My ship works just fine. She saved my neck countless times...
Yes, I'm sure she works fine, but it is... how to put it... pretty much obsolete. To be frank, it is rather junkish. But it's nothing we can't work on. You need to head for Tesla station in the Observatory sector. The Shark will escort you to the T-Gate.
Very well, perhaps I can get some more useful information there. And some new guns 'cause I don't like the way you speak of my ship. Have fun here, dr. Ridley.
There is your way to safety <PlayerShip>. You can make it from here; we will head back to assist the Archimedes. Good day to you captain. Costas out.
Hello, captain <PlayerName> and welcome to Tesla station. I hope you had a pleasant journey. My name is dr. Thomas Scott and I am the supervisor of this science station.
Good to see you dr. Scott. It sounds as if you were expecting me here.
As a matter of fact, I was. I knew the Archimedes went on a rescue mission, and there is no better place to get answers for someone in your situation than Tesla station. Please, approach our docking bay.
I just hope you can explain this madness in details.
I'm afraid you have some baggage with you. Three rogue ships are closing in and you're in no condition to fight them alone. Captain, this is a science station, but not entirely defenseless. Lure the rogues closer to station so we may assist you.
I see you still have your admirable combat skills, despite the fact you virtually fight in a can.
What is it with all of you? Why are you all so bothered with my ship?
Just kidding. Don't be so jumpy captain. I'm sure your vessel was a proud tough fighter... long time ago... Come now, dock with station so we can make something out of that ship of yours.
Well, captain <PlayerName>, how do you feel commanding something not entirely useless?
Ah, dr. Scott, entertaining as before...I enjoyed your hospitality, but I was definitely hoping you would share more information regarding my present situation. You have requested that I prepare my ship for departure at once. What is this all about?
Of course, but we don't actually have time for idle talk. We must make haste for Ghost immediately. I'll explain on the way. Enter coordinates to follow my ship.
Agreed. Helm, set course to follow the Relativity! We had fun so far with these "scientists", who knows what more they have in store for us...
Captain <PlayerName>. Just to be up to the situation, we are heading to Ghost sector to find dr. Ridley and her ship. She has not reported back since your extraction, and she is a way too valuable member of my team to just let it go.
Maybe her ship was overwhelmed by those rogues. Before we left the sector, they seemed to be coming out of nowhere.
Maybe, but do not underestimate her skills. She may not be an experienced man of war like you, but she definitely has her ways of escaping the worst of situations. If only she was not so stubborn to risk everything just for a few wild ideas...
If I was indeed trapped in that rift, she risked her ship for me. And I certainly don't like to be considered as someone's wild idea or something meaningless, dr. Scott.
Ah, a real soldier, always on the attack. I do not have anything against you, in fact I believe your arrival could bring us some of the edge we needed, but freeing you or any other imprisoned ship comes with a cost; a cost which is sometimes significant... And anyways, the difference between a wild idea and something actually visionary is always in the eye of the beholder, captain. But, come now, we have more pressing matters to discuss. Before we reach Ghost sector you can finally satisfy your curiosity. Shoot your questions.
After we retrieve the Archimedes, I would like to contact my superiors in the League fleet command. Many things probably changed in all those years, and I have so many questions...
That could be more difficult than it seems captain. Haven't you been wondering why nobody from command already tried to make contact with you? You see, Gemini League, or what you knew under that name, is no longer in existence. It fell apart years ago and never achieved its goal to unite entire Gemini system.
What? But we had the Directorate on their knees. What happened?
It wasn't the Directorate, they were ultimately defeated and Empire forces withdrew through Starpoint completely. However, Gemini sector wasn't united for long. Three major factions emerged from chaos and took control of many sectors. Korkyran Triumvirate, Baeldor Republic and Nyxian Consortium now have majority of sectors under their direct control or divided in zones of influence. If you haven't already, you will certainly hear of them...
And the rogues? What about them?
They are not governed by any of the major factions. They are independent and have a foothold in remote systems. Lately though, they have started to harass convoys and science expeditions on a larger scale.
Sounds to me like a total mess. In my time at least we had a common enemy and a common goal. Now it seems, chaos is the only thing you have in abundance.
You are not far from truth in that, captain. But look at it on the bright side... you have vanished at the middle of the war only to emerge twenty years later in a conflict again. You should feel right at home... and you should not have any problems finding a job with your skills and military experience.
Yeah, can life get any better? But, doctor, what about my disappearance and that stasis rift thing?
Ah yes, Just before withdrawal, an imperial task force detonated some kind of device in the middle of the Twins sector, near Starpoint Gemini, and destabilized both suns in that sector. Gigantic solar flares scorched nearby worlds and triggered the creation of countless anomalies throughout Gemini. The worst anomaly that appeared was named the stasis rift. It emerged randomly and trapped many ships, sometimes entire fleets inside it. The first rift was the largest and it consumed the entire Starpoint; the gateway to the Empire. While inside you are drifting on the waves of hyperspace layers that prevent you from leaving one point in space and time. In the same time you cannot materialize in normal space due to lack of any stability in frequency flow...
Right. Doctor, surely you understand that all I just heard was bla bla bla. Your "unstable anomalies and weird frequencies" make more sense than your words...
Excuse me; I must remember that you are just a soldier. At least general will be happy to chat with you... Anyways, stasis rift abducted you, kept you hidden for twenty years, and then spitted you out, young and preserved, ready for what you do best - more fighting. Simple enough?
Scientist with knowledge of all the books in the universe, and a sense of humor too... where do they make miracles like you? And who is this general?
General? A.... unique figure, so to speak. You'll meet him eventually, no question about that, and I do believe you two shall have quite a story to exchange.
One more thing dr. Scott. On the station I overheard you mentioned "revenants". Who are they?
All the ships and crews pulled out from rifts are called revenants. You are one of them. Sometimes they are released from the rift field naturally, but lately we have perfected a way to locate and pull such ships into normal space manually. However, extracted crews are sometimes less normal than the space around them...unfortunately...
What do you mean?
Enough talk captain. There is time for everything. We are almost at the T-gate. If the rogues are still in the Ghost sector, we shall get the chance to see a demonstration of you knowledge too. Just keep close.
Captain Scott, we have indentified Archimedes' last known position. We are moving to intercept.
Stand aside <PlayerShip>. Our equipment is by far more advanced, we shall scan this debris. You just stay on your guard.
First scans indicate this ship is not the Archimedes. Checking energy signatures... yes, this is the hull of the Shark. I'm detecting no survivors and no escape pods...
They were finished fast then... And the Archimedes? Scan broad scale frequencies. And mr. Willon, pay attention to background radiation and any strange wave peaks.
Scanning... got something. An SOS signal, but very weak and erratic. It almost follows the exact emission pattern of a local nebula.
I knew it. Dr. Ridley is improvising as best as she can. Set course into the nebula immediately.
I'm picking up several more direct signals from the nebula. Various positions and directions. We need to come closer for accurate reading.
Willon, talk to me. I'm a scientist, I hate being in the dark.
The distress signal is definitely from the Archimedes, she is damaged with barely any propulsion and there are three more ships in the vicinity... they match the rogue signatures from previous attacks.
What are we waiting for, let's engage them.
Wait! Willon, is the Archimedes under attack?
No sir, rogues appear to be still searching for her. Two groups are in slow search formation, scanning the immediate area.
Ok, let's move fast. Captain <PlayerName>, this is your show. Lead the way.
We shall engage the single ship first. Follow me.
You are really an awesome tool of destruction captain... no wonder your generation eventually managed to fry the entire Gemini... you are naturally gifted for this...
I'm glad, but this is not over yet. Lock on the second group and engage. Concentrate maximum fire on the lead ship and attempt to disable their engines! We must stop them!
Hmm, people...if you are not too busy, these rogues finally found me, and they do not like my ship configuration much. Could you perhaps make your way here before they change the very description of Archimedes?
Ridley! Your tongue is still unmatched, but I'm glad to see you in one piece. Our new friend here and I will be at your coordinates shortly.
Excellent, I was already bored playing games with them. Imagine the rudeness, those thieves even tried to board my ship!
Now, I suggest we make our way out of this sector; there are too many unfriendly visitors for my taste. They already doomed both ships from my group. And you, captain <PlayerName> I'm glad to see you in action again. I hope you are getting used to living in our world now.
Actually, it is not too different from the one I remember. Only the names of ships that shoot on me are changed... and little else... We found remnants of the Shark, but where is your second ship?
Luxor was badly damaged in the first strike and tried to reach the nebula with me after Shark was blown away. But she was too damaged and with no propulsion; we had no choice but to evacuate surviving crew to my ship and use the abandoned derelict as a decoy to buy us some time. At least that succeeded.
We appreciate your help in our fight captain. You could really prove to be a true asset.
Dr. Ridley! Do not bother captain <PlayerName> with petty political problems. He is still adjusting to his new reality.
No no, I want you to be direct with me. I can't understand anything if you are keeping me out of the loop.
He is right. We owe him that much after all the help he's given us. And we could need much of his services in the future...
Really? His help?! He was useful on a few occasions, but are you forgetting that his extraction cost us two ships along with an entire crew? Two ships for the salvation of one?! Where is the logic in that? I think you should choose your assignments more carefully Ridley!
Excuse me? Aren't you both scientists? I thought you extracted me for purely scientific goals... and because it was the right thing to do...
Well, we do have hearts of gold, but we also live in a real world, captain.
I see you still don't remember everything from your life twenty years ago... Exposure to time and space suspension you have suffered inside rift can sometimes have that effect. You will probably remember eventually, but our time now is limited. We need to update you with the most important events.
By all means. I still have a feeling both of you know much more than you are telling me.
Dr. Scott told you about revenants, right? There is more to that story. You and your companions are not very welcome in our world. You are considered by many as relics of time long gone. They believe you are armed and dangerous and unable to accept current political formation in Gemini.
I don't even know what current political formation is!
Not yet. But, you did fight for a united and independent Gemini. And today, it is everything but united. Some fear you would continue your fight against existing governments, just as you fought the Directorate years ago... while others hope you would do exactly that...
So, revenants are in some sectors hunted like beasts, while in others they are just not liked much. Many of you hold secrets and knowledge we are trying to forget today...
Why do I get the feeling you are referring to me?
Indeed, secret is actually your middle name. During the war for independence, you were member of a special unit attached to the Gemini League Fleet. Your domain was espionage, surveillance and secret technology testing. Therefore, you would probably be a vast source of intel many today would pay dearly to get their hands on. 
Many? Perhaps someone special? Perhaps someone you are familiar with?
So many questions... Captain, we are not your enemy. That is sufficient for now. But you shall learn in time where you can put your trust.
Captain <PlayerName>, I must dock with Tesla station at once for repairs. Dr. Scott will be accompanying me for a debriefing later. You, in the meanwhile, are free to roam around a bit. I'm also sending you some additional data you could find interesting. When you are ready, find us at the station. Ridley out.
We've received an encrypted transmission from Tesla. I've passed it on to your personal logs, captain.
I'm picking up an incoming signal. Its encryption is familiar... very familiar. It almost matches our own signal and has the same general markings...
What do you mean? Nobody uses those markings anymore! Where is the transmission coming from?
Source is masked very carefully, but signal definitely uses encryption that resembles those of Leagues ships. All I can tell you is that it is coming trough long distance relays. They are hailing us captain.
Well, we don't want to be rude. Respond using the same frequency.
Greetings captain <PlayerName>. It has been a long time and time has been kind to you indeed.
If you say so. I would, however, like to know who I am talking to... Do we know each other?
You are still impatient my friend and that impatience brought you so many troubles before... It doesn't matter who I am. For now, let's just say I am often referred to as general and I am a friend, and friends are a rare commodity for people like you these days...
Dr. Ridley and dr. Scott mentioned you once. Are you in league with them?
We have many common goals and that makes us friends... or allies, whatever you prefer. In fact, that is exactly what is going to make you my ally as well.
Really? And why should I trust you?
Although it was never in your nature, you must trust someone and Ridley hasn't let you down yet, right? So, if she trusts me, you might as well, but it is a matter of choice. I'm offering you a hand of friendship and a chance to finish some of your old fights...
Interesting. What would you have me do?
The Archimedes is just about to depart for Mainstream to perform another extraction and since both ships in her group were destroyed, I want you to join her in this mission. You'll get the chance to see how we break those rifts and you'll also provide support in case rogues decide to interfere again.
Very well. I dislike taking commands from strangers, but so far you sound sincere. I'll contact dr. Ridley.
Oh, but we are not such strangers as you might believe...
What do you mean?
Transmission ended captain. I still do not know the exact source. ... Dr. Ridley is hailing us.
Are you coming then captain? We have no time to waste.
I see that mysterious general spoke with you as well... We are right behind you. Set course and my ship will follow you like a shadow. Mainstream, is it not?
This is the place. Scans indicate intensive space fluctuations and time shift. It is definitely a level three rift. Starting field calibration now...
Very well, proceed with extraction. Captain <PlayerName>, keep an eye on possible intruders. This is a very delicate procedure.
Don't worry, we are watching closely. You just do your magic.
Field stable, frequency flux within normal parameters, charging main emitters... ready to fire counter-directional beam.
Whenever you are ready mr. Kozmonov...
No, no! Another anomaly is materializing just off the side of the targeted rift. We are losing field stability! 
Engage grappling beam to speed up extraction. We are so close!
But that could tear the entire ship apart!
If we don't grab it out soon, the rift will crush him itself! Do it now!
Our energy output is at maximum level, but second anomaly is still gaining strength. It is shifting targeted rift back out of our continuum.
Stasis rift is gone along with ship inside.
Why don't you find it with your sensors and try to extract him again?
He is not back in the rift. He is destroyed. And that rift doesn't exist anymore. The appearance of the second anomaly was just too sudden and bad placed... it is good we weren't caught in it as well.
Now what? I came to help with your rescue operation, but this doesn't look like a rescue to me.
I'm not in the mood for jokes <PlayerName>. Our procedure is still half experimental. Accidents are unavoidable sometimes... There is another probable target inside Last Ditch system.
Fine. Let's move out. Hope you'll have more luck this time.
Captain, keep your eyes open, this is what we call a hot system.
Hot? I'll try to keep it cold for you. What is your target here?
According to our database, Gemini League Anathema, under the command of captain Dmitry Kuzhev, was lost at these coordinates.
Confirming that captain. Stasis rift detected. And there is a ship trapped inside.
Navigate us closer and you know the rest of the procedure, mr. Kozmonov.
We have our target. Counter-directional beam is leading him out. Just a few more moments.
Incoming ships. Three unidentified vessels at high speed heading our way.
Bring us about, shields to full and set intercept course.
We were interrupted captain, but if we reengage our extraction immediately, we just might make it. I suggest you follow that rogue ship that witnessed the whole thing and see if he has more friends in vicinity.
Is that wise? You are quite defenseless while conducting the extraction and I don't think that rogue ship will be coming back.
Some reports we received suggest there could be an operational rogue base in an asteroid field in this system. It would be very valuable to us if you could confirm its existence.
Very well, I'll take a look then. These rogues are annoying me anyway. Helm, set course to follow the runaway rogue ship.
It's heading directly into the asteroid field.
Follow it inside.
What the... Shields! Ready weapons and engage evasive maneuvers!
Calm down captain Kuzhev. We mean you no harm. You are not our enemy.
Maybe you are not, you bear the League flag, but I do not recognize your friend or the ship. And where did you all come from? Is this some Directorate trickery again?
Were you all so easy on the trigger twenty years ago? Such tension...
Please, dr. Ridley. Leave this to me. Captain Kuzhev, my name is <PlayerName>, and I'm in command of the <PlayerShip> in service of the Gemini League. Or at least I was. I shall explain everything as long as you remain calm.
I'm listening...
I suggest we make our way back to Tesla. There is much work to be done, and discovery of a rogue base in this sector is something the general will definitely want to know.
Tesla?
A safe heaven captain and a best place to talk. Trust me; I have been in your shoes recently.
Hmm, stand down weapons and follow them! But just make one wrong move...
Captain <PlayerName>, urgent business requires my presence in Will o the Wisp. I must take leave of you immediately. I trust you can escort our new guest safely to Tesla station alone. Have a safe journey, and welcome back, captain Kuzhev.
...and so, our fight for united and free Gemini was futile after all?
Why such pessimism? We got rid of the Directorate, didn't we? Current situation is not as we had hoped, but things are still in motion. Right now, the situation is so shattered and unstable that nobody believes it will last for long...
And what of us now? Members of former liberation fleet? Nobody needs us, nobody trusts us, most don't even want us...
You would be surprised how useful we can be around here. Last thing you remember was one great war, and now you have many small wars everywhere around you. Just lay low for the time being, learn a thing or two about this time and its people. If you need anything, contact me or dr. Ridley. In the meantime, I suggest you join me for drinks when we reach Tesla station. Good drink is the only thing they still know how to make today. And we can share some of the old stories in a company of a few bottles of the only constant in universe.
Aye to that captain. I'm glad someone makes any sense around here...
We have an incoming message through long distance relay. It is the Archimedes, captain. Switching now...
Hello again <PlayerName>. I hope I'm not interrupting you in anything important, but I could use your help once again.
I was just thinking of heading for Last Ditch. I wanted to gather some additional data on the rogue activity, and perhaps seek out that mysterious general of yours.
I see you are starting to show some leadership here, and impatience. Well, that could help you in the future... and us too... But, that can wait; now I have some interesting information for you regarding revenants. I don't like to discuss such matters over commlink, so I suggest you rendezvous with my ship in the Mainstream sector as soon as you can.
Acknowledged. <PlayerShip> on the way.
You are fast and reliable captain, everything I am already starting to expect of you.
What can I say; putting a smile on your face is becoming the purpose of my life...
Ah, you are more confident every second... And you are using your breathtaking charm once again... quite nice for a man of you age hehe.
Your sweet talk hits nothing with me, sugar; I'm here for business only. What do you have for me?
Seems your revenant friends are becoming increasingly valuable around here. We got some intel that indicates a sort of hunt on them. Everybody has some interest in those freed vessels. Rogues attack every extraction attempt; mercenaries are sweeping sectors in search of them... The weirdest thing of all is that revenant ships are starting to appear more often than ever. It is probably connected to increased solar activity, but I suspect there is more to it...
...and since you are such a brilliant scientist, surely you have a theory already...
Actually, I do indeed. What if another faction discovered a way to extract revenants from rifts?
So? You'll extract them faster together... I don't see the problem.
Don't be so naive. Revenants are potentially a very dangerous weapon. Who knows how numerous they are, what secrets they know, and who will they stand with once back in normal space. The Republic and Triumvirate are already taking into custody every extracted ship for questioning. Not to mention that stasis rifts weren't too picky twenty years ago. You know there are Directorate ships captured as well. We have so many conflicts in Gemini today, last thing we need is you guys bringing us your old wars too.
Makes sense. I can understand your fear, but I'm not a danger to any of you.
Yes, but can you speak for all of you. The best thing is to try to locate as many revenants as we can, and bring them back under our own terms. We marked several locations of probable rifts, with a little help from your navigational computer.
My navigational computer? Why did you tamper with my computers?
Well, you offered to help, and your ship has an abundance of information regarding movement of old League ships just days before twin suns collapsed and the rifts appeared.
By all means, help yourself with my database whenever you like... where to first?
Captain Ridley, we are receiving an emergency distress signal. It is encoded with dr. Scott's personal code. Tesla station is under heavy attack. They are requesting immediate assistance!
Interruption again... it looks like our little search is to be delayed for some time. Captain <PlayerName>, let's make haste to Observatory. Dr. Scott needs help with some pests.
You are a sight for sore eyes. Please engage them and try to pull them away from the station. We are almost defenseless, and my ship is damaged; My engines are fried! 
Every time I leave the station, you get yourself in trouble Thomas. We'll clean this mess for you in no time!
Greetings to you all, don't rush. Plenty of them for everybody!
Kuzhev? I told you there will be a lot of work for you here. How do you like it so far?
Pretty refreshing. These guys have no clue about fighting, but are a welcome sight for my bored guns.
Damocles entering battle, redefine your targets.
They are running away. Shall we pursue?
Nobody runs from me, not after firing on my ship. I'll pursue the larger group.
Captain <PlayerName> get the one fleeing into the asteroid field and scan for additional intruders.
Dr. Ridley, keep Archimedes close to the station to defend it if necessary.
General, did you get them?
One of them, the other fled, and I have too much pride to hunt that pitiful card box ship.
Excellent work general. Your reputation is well deserved.
I like to forge my reputation with some decent adversaries. This doesn't meet my standards, but I'm glad to help.
Indeed well deserved reputation, both as war hardened veteran, and Mr. Big mouth...
What about new addition to our cause? Captain <PlayerName> has proven himself as a skillful and brave man. Just as I always knew he would.
Thank you for that general, but isn't it finally time to introduce yourself to me?
You are right. Time for tests is over and you passed. My name is general Paul Demetrius, former second in command of Gemini League liberation fleet, now commanding the battleship Damocles.
Demetrius?! And this is Damocles?! The Damocles? My god, how can this be? But... you look old, and you should be just a little older than me.
I AM a little older than you, but much smarter now, old comrade. I wasn't hiding in a time freezer for twenty years... I enjoyed all the garbage of this system that remained after our war.
You weren't saved from a rift?
No; the damn thing didn't get me, but then, I was always a better navigator than you... ha ha. I wonder if I should have jumped into the rift intentionally. Look at me now, old and grey and you look like a school boy. 
What have you been doing all these years?
When the Directorate fell, I joined Baeldor army in its early days. But when Gemini was finally divided, I wasn't ready to watch how my life long battle fades and disappears shattered in pieces by corrupt and vain politicians. I joined marginal groups of scientists who promised to find a way to break the secret of the rifts and help me find my old companions.
Dr. Ridley and scientists of Tesla station?
Exactly. When we discovered a way to bring back members of the old League fleet, we decided to jumpstart our life mission - unification of Gemini. Now, we are called new Gemini League and we are a growing movement of veterans from the Independence war, although some of us are twenty years older than others, depending whether we came out of rifts or fought all these years in normal space.
Who would believe that? My mentors, my friends, our cause... everything is here, like twenty years never passed.
Believe it captain. Consider yourself honored. You'll get a second chance to fulfill your destiny. It will be more difficult than two decades ago, but I trust we still have no alternative. Directorate and Earth Empire probably work day and night to find a way to come back to Gemini and we must be ready. Organization and division that exists in Gemini today will ensure our defeat once the Empire returns. And it will return. It is only a matter of time. United Gemini is the only way to prevail... for the second time.
General Demetrius, I pledged my loyalty to you and the League once, and I wish to honor that pledge today. I am at your disposal.
Me too. I have many old tabs to close general; I'm at your side.
How beautiful... boys gathering with all the toys and enemies they ever hoped for... Now, before you start getting soft, can we transport down to the station and devise a strategy. Attack of this scale, directly against an armed station doesn't bode well.
A very good idea, but first captain Kuzhev and captain <PlayerName> are going to join me at the station for some drinks. Hopefully, the bar didn't suffer total damage...
Priority one transmission coming in, captain. Patching it through.
Captain, report to Tesla station as soon as you can. Your help and your expertise are needed. Damocles out.
Relativity reporting for duty. It may not be the most beautiful and advanced of ships, but she has a unique spirit that makes her a hard nut to crack. Our engines and shields are restored and we are almost completely operational.
Good to hear dr. Scott. We are going to need every ship here. The station is damaged and will need outside protection for some time. We must rendezvous with a relief convoy passing through Nyxian territory. They should be in Palomar by now.
Relief convoy? Already? That was fast... who organized it?
Gemini League consists of several independent cells. That way we can operate more freely without drawing too much attention. The minute Tesla was attacked, nearest cell was alerted. They have orders not to interfere with battles taking place at other cells, because they would risk exposing themselves, but they can prepare a relief convoy and help a "neutral science station" in distress.
Clever. What is the convoy transporting?
Materials necessary for refitting and improving the station. Time to move. We'll go separately to draw less attention. Captain <PlayerName> meet me in Palomar. The rest of you remain here and secure Tesla station.
General Demetrius! What are you doing here?
Steiger, it's nice to see you again too. We came to ensure this convoy reaches Tesla unharmed. Its supplies are vital at this moment. The station sustained extensive damage.
Of course it did when I wasn't near. You suffered losses from rogues? What happened to your reflexes Demetrius? I could lay waste to them with my bare hands. Remember when I attacked an entire fleet in that nebula in...
Yes, I remember Bertrand and everyone all the way back to Earth remembers it. You told that story to every living creature you've ever met!
Good, than you know what I represent. So, please, you and your ships stand back, 'cause you could get in the way when all hell breaks loose.
Is he always like this?
Bertrand is a good man. I've known him for years. A bit sharp and not very modest, but an excellent captain. We call him "the escort service". In the Directorate war, he was always tasked with convoy escorts. If you need an armed escort, Steiger is your man, you'll see.
So, he fought beside you all this time?
Not all the time. He was lost in a stasis rift seven years after you, but reappeared naturally three years ago. So, he lost only ten years.
Finally. I was tired of waiting. General, I'll attack first and you pick your squad to engage. Captain <PlayerName>, you stay near the freighters!
Some new tricks I see. Captains, they are concentrating all fire on a single target. Looks like I'm the most popular guy on this ball.
Captain <PlayerName>, Freimann's in trouble. I'm moving to assist. Keep an eye on those freighters!
Boarding?! They are boarding MY ship?! Are they insane? I was a boxing champion once! Bring them here!
Bertrand, I'll get them off you back! Try to do something about your engines.
Thanks, I can handle myself. This is just a minor inconvenience... for them!
Back so soon? We are just cleaning some remaining mess here. What is the status of the convoy?
Freighters are undamaged. We had a rough trip, but nothing good old Bertrand couldn't handle, right?
You bet. I faced fleets of battle hardened veterans; this is not worth mentioning at all.
You had some visitors as well I see. Any problems?
No, just some firing practice and  Kuzhev had a chance to warm up as well.
And dr. Scott? If I see correctly, his ship is drifting... again... helpless... And he said my ship is a bucket!
I was caught unprepared and I'm a scientist after all, not some brainless soldier!
Brainless or not, we brought you what you need to finish your repairs. Let's begin transporting supplies.
We've found the ship in distress, captain. Repair crews standing by for your command.
Engineers are ready to transport to the ship. You only need to say the word, captain.
We've located the ship. We should send over some personnel to fix the problem.
Scanning area. Affirmative, that's the ship. Engineering crews are ready and will transport as soon as you give the command.
Ship in distress located. Engineers are awaiting your command.
This is it captain. The anomaly is within our scanning range. Ready to scan on your command.
Anomaly located, commander. Say the word and I'll initiate full scan.
We've reached the anomaly, sir. All we need to do now is scan it thoroughly.
We've tweaked our sensors and are ready to scan the anomaly at your command.
The anomaly is in our sensor range. Right where they said it would be. I'm ready to scan it. Just give the word, captain.
We're reached the satellite. Repair crews standing by for transport. We should first scan the satellite for initial diagnostics.
The satellite is dead ahead, commander. We'll start sending repair crews on your command, but I suggest we first scan it thoroughly.
Satellite located, sir. Should I initiate scan of the target, before we transport our engineers to repair it?
The satellite seems inoperable, but I suggest scanning it first and then sending repair crews to get it operational again.
Sensor sweep of the area confirms the satellite is in the area. Engineers are ready to transport to it, but I advise scanning it first to see what they'll be dealing with.
Sensors detect the derelict is close by. We should transport everything we can from it.
Captain, we've found the derelict. I suggest we move in closer and start transporting salvageable equipment.
That's it, captain. Let's move closer to the wreck and salvage any useful equipment.
The ship is where it was supposed to be. Well, maybe not the ship, but a derelict. I suggest transporting any usable equipment to our ship.
The derelict is within our sensor range. We'll start transporting equipment on your command.
All done, captain. The info has been stored and transmitted back to HQ.
Scan completed. We're relaying the data back to the contractor.
Sir, we've received an encrypted message.
Send it to my personal logs. I'll review it there.
Now that we're all here, we can discuss our plan. There will be no going back. I hope you are clear on that. The convoy we escorted here recently, has another function. Dr. Scott and his team equipped them all with neutro emitters.
Neutro what?
I'll let the good doctor explain.
Neutro emitters are basically bomb-like devices. They release high level neutrino radiation which is intended to induce and draw temporary space rift in an isolated area. In other words, it will momentarily rip the fabric of space for a few moments. Every physical molecule caught in it will instantly be forced to exist in two separate realities. That on the other hand, will result in matter instability and explosion...
Aaaa. That insane language again!
Freighters go boom.
What a primitive description of such a marvelous contraption. Yes, they are bombs, but undetectable bombs. No scan is capable of breaching into my devices or detecting their purpose. That will be your advantage.
Indeed. Our target is Soddom station. That is the very station captain <PlayerName> discovered in Last Ditch. It is very well defended, hidden and potentially very valuable to our cause. If we capture that installation, we would gain a significant foothold in this area of Gemini. We could finally start operating more openly.
How do you know so much about it? Recently we didn't even know for sure if it existed at all.
After your confirmation, we successfully infiltrated their military structure. Our spy has been under cover for months, but recent losses we inflicted to them, put them in a state of panic. Attempt to hastily draft new supporters made our job much easier.
That's more like it. I can smell a battle I could really enjoy. What's the plan?
The Damocles and the Anathema will leave for Last Ditch at once. Archimedes and <PlayerShip> are bound for Will o the Wisp to rendezvous with Steiger, who is escorting our decoy convoy. Our spy whispered to his superiors that a convoy carrying precious cargo bound for Baeldor is passing through Will o the Wisp. Hopefully, in light of their recent losses, they will take the bait and amass the majority of ships at their disposal to attack the convoy. When their numbers overwhelm the convoy, you must evacuate freighters' minimal crews, blow the emitters and run as fast as you can. By the time you destroy or disable the rogues, our attack on Soddom will be underway. You make your way to our position and we take out the base and remaining defenders together.
What if we fail to draw them away from Soddom?
You can't fail. When Archimedes joins the convoy, rogues just won't resist your charm, Ridley... they'll come down on you like the plague. It's not a perfect plan, but if we act fast and decisively, we can win the day.
Let's move then, I'm already bored here.
Good luck to you all and if everything goes well, we'll join together on Soddom.
Are those my so called reinforcements? You're late, for this old space wolf rocked them already... You are free to mop up what's left.
Engage, captain! I have a feeling more of them will be here soon.
Sensors are picking something up in the dust cloud, but I can't be sure what it is. It could be more of them.
I do hope it is more of them.
Showtime! Just keep them close to the freighters!
Notify all freighters to prepare the emitters and standby.
Was that all?
Guess so... Maybe they didn't fall for it. I'll contact Damocles. Hopefully they haven't started their...
A moment... I'm picking up a distorted transmission from the dust cloud. A short coded message... from someone called Shadowman.
It's our agent!
It says... don't fire emitters. Rogues in dust cloud. Standby.
Imagine that... rogues prepared a decoy for our decoy. Freighters; remain on standby and change course to approach the dust cloud. To all ships; keep the freighters safe.
Neil Dukes reporting for duty. To all League ships; tag my ship and do not engage me, I'm on your side. Nice to finally meet you.
Captain Steiger, try to protect Mr. Dukes, he'll probably draw some fire now.
Not a problem.
Neil Dukes secured. I transported him and a few members of his crew to my ship.
Excellent. We'll fire the neutro devices soon. Captain; begin transporting freighter crews.
Mission accomplished. Surviving crews evacuated. We can proceed.
I like your timing, captain. Let's go!
Head for the T-gate! Maximum speed!
Success. Their lust for prey was too strong after all. Tactical, report!
Rogue fleet is either destroyed or crippled. Scans show zero operational ships.
Have no fear, I was prepared to take them all down, had the devices failed.
Very nice work. Now, we must hurry to Last Ditch. Demetrius needs our help.
You all have the station's coordinates. Make haste!
Welcome to the best party in the system. Today's special is a mid-size space station. Dig in.
I see you've done a good job already, general Demetrius.
Well, this station is nothing compared to Directorate battlestations in the past and I've wasted those in my time.
Erm... the station? Anybody? It's still here and we really should proceed. You can finish you conversation later.
Okay, no special orders. Fire at will, concentrate on the defense platforms. When those fall, we'll board Soddom and take it over.
That's it! Cover us! We'll board the station now!
They are really persistent. Those are some of the ships we disabled in the convoy raid. Seems they have some good technicians.
And suicidal captains. Moving to engage.
We're on it.
I'll join you in a moment, Bertrand. Captain, you and Kuzhev provide cover for the Damocles.
Mission accomplished. We have taken the station's command center and the rest of them surrendered.
Excellent work general. You still haven't lost your touch.
Age can only refine my methods, dr. Ridley.
What now. They seem to be unwilling to continue our skirmish. How unfortunate. I can't just shoot on them like this, it's pathetic.
They are standing down. Weapons are cold and shields are offline.
Do not fire! We surrender! We no longer have a station, no ships and no reason to fight on. You are free to board our remaining vessels. In exchange, we ask to be transported to the nearest civilian station and be released.
Very well. I can agree to that. Prepare to leave your ships. I promise you safe way out of this sector and any of you that wish to join us or remain on Soddom are more than welcome to pledge loyalty and stay.
Pity. I had them all locked and targeted. Well, tomorrow is a new day...
Congratulations to all. This is a great day for the rebirth of the Gemini League. Courage and determination brought us to this place and we have stepped back on the great stage and nothing will be the same again; of that you can be sure!
Twenty years long sleep is over, and now we are awake... We shall finally forge our dream into reality. No one will stop us from grasping our own future and the future of our children.
It is our birth right and our destiny and we shall not abandon it ever again!
Cannot do that, sir. We're not done here yet.
Unable to comply, captain. We still have business in this sector.
No, can do, commander. It is best we finish what we started here, before heading on.
We can't use the Gate, sir. It seems to be malfunctioning.
Captain. I'll go first in case the Rogues are waiting on the other side.
We should let Dr. Ridley go first.
Did you see? They were all here for my scalp! That's what I call being famous!
Brace yourself! Another wave is coming!
Coming! I really do have so many fans around here...
Cowards! If only I had more time... Gentlemen, I believe we are finished here. We can get this convoy moving again.
A nice display of pure madness, Bertrand! Just like good old times... I missed that.
I'm gonna mess you up, just because I caaaaan!
Well well, what do we have here? I know...something that should not be here!
Excuse me captain, but you are in my way. Allow me to help you disappear...
Good day, sir. I m terribly sorry for running into you, because now I must destroy your ship!
Captain, your arrival is most welcomed. I was looking for a target to align my weapons!
Let me introduce myself. I am the most notorius pirate in this sector, and I offer my demonstration...
Who is the captain of this ugly vessel? I'm sorry, but you are not allowed to exist so near me!
I'm looking for something to destroy, and you look like something amusing to shoot at!
You have just entered private property captain. Time to leave...forever!
Are you lost captain? Let me help you. Just follow the trail of my weapons on your hull!
This area is already occupied captain. If you do not leave, I ll add your ship to the nearest junkyard!
What are you doing? Don't you know how dangerous it is to steal from a thief?
Captain, me and my associates are performing salvage operation here, and now you have just given us another thing to salvage.
This is a great coincidence. We have just run out of ships to scrap, and here you are...
Looking to get you hands on something valuable here? Don't think so!
I'm afraid the junkyards in this sector are not big enough for the both of us. And I m not leaving!
No, no no! Everything you see around you is already divided! But, you can stay and be part of what we are dividing!
Your presence here is a potential danger to our profit, and we must remove that danger at once!
Are you here to seek derelicts? Doesn't matter, I can't afford to risk it. Begone!
Why are you putting your life at stake for a simple loot captain? And trust me, your life is at stake here!
Let Ridley and me go in first. Who knows what's been going on on the other side and we have more powerful ships.
Captain, me and Ridley will fix our ships en route as best as we can, but you use the little time we have in this sector and dock on Nagano Outpost for some fast repairs. We'll wait for you by the Last Ditch Gate. Steiger out.
They got me captain. You're on your own until I get my ship up and running again.
Oh-oh. I'm dead in space. It'll take me some time to finish all repairs.
Seems I'm gonna be out of the loop for awhile, captain. They got me good.
The Archimedes is crippled. We'll be flying without them.
Captain! Ridley sent word that her ship is heavily damaged. We'll have to deal with things ourselves.
Erm...captain; I should inform you that I've got wide-spread systems failure. Until I get that under control, I'm out.
I seem to be in a bit of a predicament. I can't do anything for the time being. They damaged my ship badly.
This battle stuff might be out of my league. They crippled my Relativity... again...
They disabled the Relativity! We'll be flying without them for now.
Dr. Scott is notifying us that the Relativity is out of this fight until they get it up and running again.
They messed up good ol' Freimann. I'm just gonna do some repairs and get back into the fray.
Well well well. They got me this time, but trust me... I'll get back to them sooner rather than later.
You're on your own, captain. They stabbed me in the back and I'm just floating around until we repair primary systems.
The Freimann is done, captain! They've been disabled! Hostiles are switching their targets.
Freimann's dead in space, captain! Guess we'll be continuing without them.
Captain! My ship is no longer operational. You must continue the fight, until we get it running again.
They damaged my ship badly. Repairs will take awhile.
Looks like you'll be carrying on without me, captain. I'll need some time to get the Damocles operational again.
Commander! It seems the Damocles is too damaged to continue. They're backing down until they do some repairs.
We no longer have the Damocles backing us up. They're badly damaged. Repairs are under way, but for now we're flying solo.
Ahh man... They did a number on me. You'll have to take care of things on your own.
Watch your back, captain. I'm out and they could turn their attention to you now.
Sorry I couldn't do better, captain, but my ship is now just floating debris. We'll get it operational ASAP.
The Anathema is out of the picture. They're going nowhere fast with their engines crippled. Hostiles are ignoring them.
Captain Kuzhev sends word the Anathema is too damaged to continue. They'll need some time for repairs.
We took the liberty of transporting a little something to your system storage, I think you'll find useful. Be sure to install it on your ship. When you're ready, exit the station so we can continue.
Stick close to me captain and let's go do some work.
This concludes our demo build we were eager for you to see, play and evaluate. We hope you like what you saw. There's plenty more to come.
The entire campaign has 30 missions in total, much like the ones you had the chance to play. They vary in length, complexity and naturally objectives.
While this preview consists of 7 maps, the entire game world has 51 different sectors and all will be additionally filled with freelance missions, events and other game objects.
Thank you and have a nice day.
This sector is locked in this version... captain.
Captain! An anomaly has just formed in the vicinity!
Our sensors show an anomaly is starting to appear near us.
The computer is going crazy, captain! There must be an anomaly somewhere near.
I'm getting strange readings, commander. We could be entering the effective radius of an anomaly.
Engineering reports fluctuations in our power core. An anomaly could be causing it.
I must protest captain. They are our allies.
Unable to comply captain. We would be opening fire on a friendly vessel.
Commander? We have a friendly ship locked and targeted.
Firing on an allied ship would be treason, captain.
No can do, commander. That would be open aggression on a friendly vessel.
Well well well... Looks like they gathered some courage after all.
That just makes me happy. Let's finish them off, shall we? Captain, take the lead. I'll follow you.
And that as they say is that.
Pity there weren't more of them.
Ah come on, Steiger. Considering what we're doing, there's bound to be more sooner or later.
You're just saying that to make me feel better.
I suggest we get a move on, gentlemen. Tesla is waiting for these supplies. Link with us as soon as possible.
Aye general.
The freighters will jump first, captain. You secure this side of the gate.
Hello captain. Hope you've had enough time to get your ship up and running again after Soddom.
This is a tough little ship. She can handle a lot. Don't worry about it. What's the situation on Soddom?
It is now called Gilgamesh station and when it is completed, we'll use it as headquarters for our missions and operational planning. Gemini League is growing and expanding beyond all expectations.
Where is general Demetrius?
He's away. He is checking the status of other League cells. After gaining a foothold in this sector, all of the major players in this system are going to watch us closely. If their fear grows too high, we could even face open military aggression. And in that case, general must strengthen the ties between cells and prepare us for possible clash. Don't worry, he isn't gone forever. Besides, don't you like my company?
If you are calling to provide me with ways to fill my time, then I hope the general won't be back for a long time.
Easy tiger. We have much work to do and all you want is waste more precious time...
Come on Ridley, why are you so official suddenly? Where is your spirit? Sense of humor?
We have some lost ships in the Dead air sector. A good friend of mine was among them, so I've been a bit restless these last few days.
Why don't we go there and seek them out? What were they doing in that sector anyway?
I guess you of all the people can be informed of this. You have become quite an important member of the League and even Demetrius has big plans for you in the future.
Is that envy I feel in your voice?
Not at all. In times of turmoil and imminent danger of all out war, I guess Demetrius wants to be surrounded with strong people of confidence and you two go way back. I'm satisfied to work for the League, probably the only honest and uncorrupted organization in the system.
I believe the sole reason this entire campaign has any chance of success is because of people like you, Ridley. No fleet and army can measure to your heart and mind. Trust me, people like you wasted Directorate vast military machinery twenty years ago and now history repeats itself again...
Thank you for that <PlayerName>. I never thought your kind, I mean people in the intel department, have a capacity to be so... human.
Come on now, I wasn't the tormenter of the poor. I was just a spook and those were times of need.
Naturally. What do you say we do a good deed then? I can't stand being in the dark like this. We'll search for our missing ships ourselves.
I'm always for action. Setting coordinates for the Dead Air sector. I'll contact you when I arrive. <PlayerShip> out.
Ensign, hail the Archimedes.
Aye captain. Opening commlink.
Captain, you've arrived. Good to see you. My colleague and friend, dr. Lukas Albesco, captain of our advanced science vessel Edison, led the team to this sector to test our improved extraction technology. Revenants proved to be very useful for our cause, and we developed a way to simultaneously disintegrate stasis rifts around multiple targets.
Meaning you could set free many ships at once?
In theory, yes. The Edison was supposed to be back with results two weeks ago...
Ok. Engage full scan of the sector.
Way ahead of you, captain. We've been in Dead Air for awhile now and we aren't keen on wasting time. We should have the first conclusive and useable data shortly. Besides, as far as I can see, the only thing you've upgraded on that ship of yours are weapons...
Now you sound like dr. Scott... By all means, fire up your shiny super improved gadgets, but next time we come across some of those rogues or someone as friendly as them, you'll thank the heavens for my new weapons.
Found something... confirmed. It's Edison. Or what is left of it.
Take us there.
Scientists are usually quite boring, but this ship is too calm even for them...
No sign of the crew. All systems, except minimal life support are down. Escape pods were launched, but I can't verify their location.
What is the status of the ship?
Ship is heavily damaged, it is barely holding together and I can't detect any high energy readings from it. The equipment is either destroyed or gone.
Captain <PlayerName> send a search party onboard the Edison. Perhaps we can retrieve some information from ship's memory logs. We'll keep an eye on things and do some more surveys of the sector. Maybe we can locate Edison's escort ships.
I'm back onboard captain. You'll receive the logs momentarily.
Good job commander. Transmit the info directly to captain Ridley as well.
Affirmative. Transmitting now.
Looks like some of your revenant friends finished off the Edison. Dr. Albesco and ships in his group were extracting five revenant ships when they were suddenly attacked by unknown hostiles. Interruption caused destruction of two revenant ships, while others believed were under attack and opened fire on our science task force. When nearly destroyed, Edison launched escape pods, but they were either wasted or picked up by the attackers.
But I can't detect anything from other ships; not even debris. I don't think they were all destroyed. Or at least not here.
Try scanning differently. Use broad spectrum and include hyperspace channels. Just like we were searching for stasis rifts.
Got it! Energy signature in nearby junkyard. Faint and strangely distorted, but that's the best we have.
Engage captain. We'll be right behind you.
The vessel is trapped. Stasis rift caught her not long ago. I'll try to find a way to pull her out before she drifts too deep.
Another signal. Two unidentified ships closing in from the junkyard. Hull configuration is decades old.
Revenants? Hail them!
No response. They are attacking us!
Problems captain? Your old buddies are not in the mood for talk? Probably disoriented from sudden rift release. You have no choice. You must protect yourself and... well... us.
I understand. Ensign; evasive maneuvers and return fire.
We appreciate the assistance, Archimedes. Our unfortunate situation could have had a dire ending without you.
Not a problem. It's a pleasure to help a fellow scientist. Who attacked you?
Who didn't? We observed a group of scientists that performed extraction of those revenants. Then, several unknown ships stormed the place. They attacked the science vessels and interrupted their experiment. Few revenant vessels that were pulled out, also engaged the scientists. It was a mess. Everybody shooting at everybody. When the first attackers left, remaining revenants turned on me.
Those first attackers. Who were they?
I have no idea. Definitely not those pathetic rogues. These were well equipped, well trained soldiers. They knew exactly what they were looking for. Came in, took what they wanted, ignored all other intruders and then left. My guess is they were mercenaries. Paid and sent by someone, but I can't imagine who...
Do you have any info about any surviving ships or scientists?
Mercs captured your escape pods and took them somewhere. As for your other ships, I have no idea where they are.
What about your incident. How did you end up in an anomaly? This area of space is quite stable.
Pardon me, but I'm not at liberty to say. Thank god we were found by a ship that understands rifts.
Why can't you share that information? Who do you work for anyway?
We are free scientists. Our work is for the benefit of all. Or sometimes, for the benefit of our contractors, but that is rare.
And do you have a contract now?
In fact, we do. We performed some experiments on behalf of the Korkyran science council. And I just remembered we must return and report immediately. Excuse me and thank you once again.
Strange man. He is definitely hiding something.
We got company. Several ships seem to have taken an interest in our dealings here.
We have no more work here. Let's head back to Gilgamesh.
Captain, there's no point in us making a caravan. Besides I have some other business to attend to before we can continue. I'll go over this new info with Demetrius before we continue. I'll contact you when we're ready to proceed.
Affirmative. You just make sure to let us know when we're needed. <PlayerShip> out.
Well, well, well... a new volunteer. We'll see how well you'll do the training course. Time is short, so I'll let captain Demetrius take over. It's his idea anyway. Perhaps we'll see each other again... ensign.
Hello and welcome recruit. It's good to see another fine League officer ready to go beyond the call of duty to aid our cause. As you know, the League doesn't have nearly the funding of the Colonial Directorate and that's why we must lean towards some less orthodox methods.
What we're doing here is training promising League officers to blend in the standard Gemini life to draw as less attention from the Directorate as possible. Basically we're training you to become a freelance crew who we'll call on to perform special assignments from time to time.
Now you see why it was important for you to be a volunteer rather than a hired gun. Time is short, so I suggest we get started with this crash course. I've locked your controls for the time being. I like to start with a short lecture first to familiarize you with the basics.
The panel in the top left corner is the radar. Use it to learn of your surroundings at any given moment. When you hold the cursor over it, use the mouse wheel to zoom in and out the area shown on the radar.
The HUD is divided into several consoles, each with its own purpose. The console on the bottom left of the screen is reserved for your ship and anything concerning it. Let's take a closer look at the first button on the left. This is the Captain screen button. Press it now to continue.
These panels show your personal status, the status of your ship and crew and your personal logs.
To review your experience count, level, maneuvers, credit account, reputation with different factions and so on, use the button labeled Information.
To take a closer look at your ship and crew press the Systems button.
The button labeled Cargo shows you what commodities you have stored in your ship's cargo hold and their quantities.
The Map button brings up the global map of the Gemini star system. Use that to plot course for distant sectors.
And finally, we have the Logs button. This section is very important. Here you store all relevant information concerning your main mission, but your side missions as well. Whenever you're not exactly sure what you need to do, review the data stored in your Logs.
Browse your logs by clicking on the Logs button. When you're done, click the Close button to continue.
Great. Now click on the Close button in the bottom left corner to close the Captain screen and continue with your lessons.
I suggest we take a look at the remaining buttons on the left console.
The Overview Map button brings up the Overview map. This is the map of the current sector. Use it to get your bearing and to find your way around the sector. Important objects are always shown on the Overview map.
Click on the Overview map button now. Click on the Overview map button again to close the panel and continue with your lessons. (default: Tab)
The other two buttons on the left console are called Engineering and Tactical. They open the Engineering panel and the Tactical display. You'll familiarize with those two a bit later in these lessons.
Let's move on to the right console, located in the bottom right part of the screen. The right console is all about the target and actions associated with the target. You must have a target selected for any of these four buttons to work.
The first button from the left is the Scan button. Press this when you want to find out more details on your selected target. You will immediately start scanning your target, but bear in mind that the time it takes to scan a target depends on the equipment installed on your ship.
The Commlink button, second from the left hails the selected target. Only ships and stations can answer, but whether or not they will actually answer depends on your reputation with them.
Their attitude towards you in the conversation also depends on your reputation. The commlink is useful for getting information, but it can also be used for certain actions like docking. There are other things you can use the Commlink for, but I'll leave that to you to experiment further.
The third button is a bit tricky. It changes depending on what kind of an object is targeted. If an asteroid is targeted then click on this button to start Mining the asteroid, but if another kind of object is targeted, like a ship, then this button will initiate the Grappling beam.
Lastly, the Transport button. When you want to transport your personnel to the target, click on this button. You cannot transport personnel to an asteroid, but derelict ships as well as active ships are a completely different matter, but we'll get to that later as well.
Let's continue with the lessons. On the bottom middle of the screen is the middle console. Pay attention recruit. This is important and may mean the difference between life and death.
The five separate fields on the left side of the middle console are the quickbar slots. Use that to quickly activate maneuvers. You set which maneuvers are in the quickbar through the Information panel of the Captain screen. Activate a maneuver via the quickbar by simply left-clicking on the icon now.
Excellent. Left-click on it again to deactivate it.
Maneuvers require energy to function. The available energy is shown in the middle of the console; the numbers on the left. The maximum available energy depends on your power core and the energy spent by other systems on your ship.
Let's jump to the other side of the middle console. This is the speed bar. Here you set the desired speed for your ship by either clicking on the bar, or by clicking and dragging the bar to the desired speed.
Current speed is shown in the middle part of the panel, much like energy, but on the opposite side. At the moment your speed is zero, because you're not moving.
And finally the middle section which holds three important buttons.
The button in the middle is the Combat mode button. Click on this button to activate and deactivate Combat mode. That prepares your ship for combat by activating shields and weapons.
The button on the right is the Fire button. Pressing this fires selected weapons. We'll get more into that later in the combat section of the lessons.
The final button; on the left is the Ship's ability button. Almost every ship in Gemini is built with a purpose in mind and that purpose is clearly seen through the Ship's ability. It is a unique action linked to the ship.
Some abilities are fully aggressive like Twin Linked cannons on cruiser class vessels, but there are ships that have a more support-like ability. The Ship's ability button activates this ability.
I think it's time to be more proactive, don't you? How would you like to take your ship for a spin? There's a station nearby on a distance of 1000. The goal of the following exercise is to navigate to the station and dock on it, but let's take it one step at a time.
Important objects are always flagged for easier recognition. Notice the small marker icon on the top of the screen. It shows the direction in which the flagged object lies. As you can see it is pointing to your left.
To turn your ship to the desired direction simply left click anywhere in space. Your ship will start turning to that direction. Turn your ship to face the station. A larger triangular flag will appear as the flagged object gets in your field of view.
Remember the speed bar I mentioned earlier? Now that part comes into play. Click or click and drag the speed bar to set the desired speed. Or you can use the shortcuts. (Def: W/S)
When you're ready, proceed to the flagged station. We'll continue there.
Great, you've arrived to the station and all that is left now to do is dock on it. Before you can do anything, you must target the station first. Do that by right-clicking on the station.
A targeting reticule appeared on the station. The reticule holds some basic information on the target: name and distance to it are clearly visible. It also changes color depending on the target's attitude towards you. Blue is ally, white is neutral and red is hostile.
There are several ways to dock on stations. You can hail them and request docking permission; you can press the Dock button on the right console or you can press the shortcut (def: V). Dock on the station now to proceed with the lessons.
Great work, ensign. In the next portion of the tutorial you'll be flying into a local asteroid field to do some mining. You never know when that can come in handy. You'll also be learning how to salvage useful equipment from derelict ships, but first things first.
Undock from the station by clicking on the Leave button on the bottom left panel of the screen. When you've cleared the station's dock, turn your ship to face the flagged object and increase your speed to head over to it.
Asteroids are interacted with in the same way as any other object. Turn to an asteroid and right-click to target it.
A schematic representation of the targeted object appears above the bottom right console. Some basic information is already visible like what type of ore the selected asteroid has, but before you can start mining it, you must find out if there is any ore inside the asteroid.
To do that, you must scan the asteroid by clicking on the Scan button located on the bottom right console. You must have the asteroid selected before you can scan it. Click on the button now and wait for your sensors to complete the scan.
The scan revealed how much of the ore is in this asteroid. Sometimes an asteroid will have no mineable ore in it. It is up to you to find an ore-rich asteroid field and sift through it. Now all that is left is for you to actually mine it.
This is done by clicking on the Mine button located on the bottom right console. It looks like a pickaxe. You must have the asteroid targeted before you can mine it. Click on the Mine button. The mined ore will automatically be transported to your cargo hold.
Excellent work. You've learned how to mine ore from asteroids. It may not be the noblest way of earning credits, but it can be very profitable.
Another not-so-noble way of earning a bundle is salvaging. Space is not as safe as you may think. That applies for you, but for everyone else as well. Proceed to the flagged derelict to continue your lessons.
You'll be able to find many derelict ships while travelling through Gemini and it is always wise to take the time to search it for anything of use. It can be either a useable ship system that you can install on your ship or precious cargo you can sell on space stations for profit.
Target the derelict and then scan it to get a more detailed info.
The scan revealed what of any use can be found on the derelict. You can see it on the right schematic. Now you can choose what you wish to take from the derelict by clicking on the desired item on the list. A marker will appear beside the item.
There is also the Select all to speed things up if you want to take everything from the derelict. When you've made your choice, click on the Transport button on the bottom right console. It's the one with the two arrows running in opposite directions.
Your crewmen have transported to the derelict to prepare the equipment and cargo for transport. They have automatically transported back to your ship together with the goods.
It's now time to head back to the station to prepare you for the more intense part of the training... combat. Go to the flagged station and dock on it to proceed.
Remember the cargo you salvaged from that derelict? Good. Now, you'll sell it to the local commodities trader to earn some credits. Use the Buy and Sell buttons in the middle of the panel to make the transaction.
Go to the Commodities trader screen by clicking on the Commodities button on the left side of the screen. When you've sold the cargo, click the Close button to close the trader screen.
Excellent. Now do the same with the systems you've retrieved from the derelict. The procedure is very similar. Use the buttons in the middle of the panel to buy and sell systems, repair your ship's hull and to mount and unmount systems to and from your ship.
Right-click on a system to open its information card. When you're done with upgrading your ship, click the Close button to continue the lessons.
Great. You're ready to proceed to weapons testing. Exit the station and proceed to the testing ground. The relevant waypoint will be flagged.
It's time for you to learn the basics of combat. First of all, you must activate the Combat mode. The button is on the middle console, between Fire and Ship's ability. Do that now.
Combat mode is a general command to your crew to prepare for combat. This activates shields and starts reloading weapons, but takes some power. When travelling, turn Combat mode off to gain some speed.
Shields are your basic regenerative protection. They transfer incoming damage on themselves to prevent damage directly to your ship's hull. You can see the status of each individual shield on the circle beneath your ship. It is always good to try and keep your stronger shields in the line of fire.
To fire weapons, use the Fire button. Take note that you must first select the weapons you wish to fire on your schematic. Your ship's schematic is on the left.
Your crewmen must know what to fire on, so you must have a target. Remember targeting is done by right-clicking on an object in space. Target the flagged training platform and destroy it... and don't worry; this platform is unarmed.
Nicely done. There is more to combat than simply firing blindly on your target. The target schematic opens up on the right side of the screen and much like your own schematic, this one shows ship systems.
Ship systems can be crippled, rendering that system completely inoperable. Click on a system on the target schematic. This is called sub-targeting and I suggest you use it often.
Attack and destroy the flagged training platform and practice sub-targeting on its various systems.
Great work. The finesse of combat doesn't end with sub-targeting. There are also maneuvers to consider. The Power to weapons maneuver enhances your damage, while slightly weakening your shields and slowing you down.
Enhance your weapons that way and destroy the third flagged platform.
Each successful hit has a chance to be a Critical hit. That means you've had a bit of luck and managed to strike a key location on the target and deal considerably more damage. Keep in mind that enemies can also make Critical hits on you.
There is also one other thing I need to mention. When ship systems get damaged, there is chance they will critically fail. Your repair crews will immediately rush to the site to get the system up and running again, but that takes some time.
As long as the system is in Critical failure, it is disabled. If you think such things are not important, imagine having one of your shield emitters critically fail during combat.
Excellent work, but I think it is time we stopped playing childish games and see how you'll handle someone firing back at you. The next training platform will be armed and will return fire when attacked. Use the knowledge you've learned so far and destroy the flagged platform.
You can repair your ship systems in space. To do that open the Engineering panel on the bottom left console. There you can choose which systems have repair crews assigned to them. Be careful, if you stretch your engineers on all ship systems, repairs on individual systems will go slower.
I'm very pleased with your progress, but there's a lot more you must learn. Go back to Farscape station for repairs. You'll receive your next mission there.
These lessons can give you pointers and teach you the basics, but there is no better teacher than experience. Over time you'll learn the finer subtle details of combat. For now, let me explain some basics about experience and ranks during your flight to the station.
Experience is gained for almost any action you make. When you gather enough experience, you gain a level and with it an experience point you can use to upgrade a maneuver. You can see all of this in the Personal section of the Captain screen.
From time to time, you will also receive a promotion. A new rank comes with its own reward:  a perk. When you fulfill the prerequisites for a new rank, a small notification will appear on the screen. The next time you dock on a station, you will be able to choose a new perk.
You've received some damage in that last training fight. Systems can be repaired in flight, but ship's hull cannot. This has to be done on a station. Use the Fix HP button on the Systems screen to repair your ship's hull. Repair your ship's hull now and then close the Systems panel to continue.
Ready to continue, ensign? I've received reports that this sector could be in danger, so we'll wrap this up soon enough.
Freelancing is a good way to earn credits and reputation, and experience of course. To take on a freelance mission click on the Commission button. There's only one mission available at the moment. Accept that mission and exit the station.
Great. As you must have seen already, your mission is to repair a relay satellite. Everything is already flagged, so you might as well proceed to the mission objective.
Wait a moment, ensign. I've dropped your speed to zero to warn you first. We've had some problems in this part of the sector recently. There is a good chance you could be attacked, so be prepared. Activate Combat mode and then proceed to the satellite.
I'm getting sick of you folks. This 'ere are my asteroids and you can't 'ave 'em. I told ya before an' now I'm done talkin'.
Guess he is not willing to negotiate. Destroy him, ensign. You have no other choice.
This was an unfortunate set of circumstances, but I don't see how it could have been avoided. At least let's use this as a learning example. When that ship exploded it left a cargo box. Target it and then scan it to see what it contains.
Select what items and cargo you find and transport it all to your ship. It works the same way as derelicts. We'll continue after you've done that.
OK. Let's move on. Continue to the relay satellite.
To repair a relay satellite, scan it and then transport your personnel on it. They'll do all the ground work and return to your ship automatically when they're done.
Good job, ensign. Return to Farscape station for the final lesson.
I think you're ready to move out of this sector, but let's finish a few minor lessons first.
A ship is only as good as its captain and crew. Keep that in mind, ensign... always. There are always capable officers available for hire on space stations. They can easily tip the balance in your favor.
Go to the Officers lounge by clicking on the Officers button. There select and employ an officer. When you're done, close the Officers panel.
Good. The only thing left to show you is the Shipyard. You've earned some credits and it is only fair you spend them. Go to the Shipyard by clicking the Shipyard button and buy a new vessel.
Don't worry; all equipment from your current ship will be transferred to the new one. When you're done with the purchase, close the Shipyard panel.
Excellent. Now you're ready to do some decent anomaly hunting. I don't think your last ship would have held together in anomalous regions, but this one should do the trick. Exit the station and wait for further instructions.
Sooner or later, you'll be on your own. There are situations where gun slinging is not the best option. Communication is a key component of being a good captain.
Your next objective is a T-Gate. Hyperspace torrent gates, or T-Gates for short, are the only means of transport between Gemini sectors. Gemini is a large system and the T-Gate network provides the fastest travelling.
You can view the map of the entire Gemini star system by clicking on the Map button, on your Captain screen, but for now let's move on. I've been getting some strange info from our nearby outposts.
This time I will not flag the T-Gate for you. You must get the location of it from a nearby ship. When a conversation starts, the commlink panel will open on the top right of the screen.
To advance the dialog simply left click on the dialog panel. If you have a multiple choice situation, highlight the answer you want and left click on it to proceed.
To initiate a conversation, target the flagged ship and then click on the Hail button on the right console. Do that now and find out the location of the T-Gate.
Excellent. I see I shouldn't worry about you. You'll do just fine. You have the coordinates;  the T-Gate is flagged so set course and we'll continue there.
You use a T-Gate as you would any station. Simply dock on it and your autopilot will do the rest. Dock on the T-Gate now.
Yes captain? Did Demetrius give you one of his weird assignments or are you harassing me just for the fun of it?
Well actually, yes he did give me an assignment. He wants me to find out how to get out of this sector, so I was wondering if you could help me with that.
I suspected as much. He always does something like that. Where does he find guys like you? If you can't find your way around, how can you do anything useful?
There's no reason to look down on us, captain. We're not as experienced as you, but we're doing our best to learn fast and become useful.
Aye to that. It's good to see you're not as rude as the last recruit. Sure, I'll help. I'm sending the coordinates. I guess we'll be seeing more of each other. Stay well.
You have everything you need, ensign. Proceed with your orders.
Look old timer. Your time's up. It's our turn to take over, so why don't you just give me those coordinates and we'll all be on our way.
Old timer!? Listen, punk! If Demetrius wasn't watching your back, I'd crush your bucket of a ship in a moment. Here's the data you wanted. Now get out of my sight!
Incoming transmission captain. It's the Damocles. Shall I patch it through?
Of course, lieutenant. Let's see what the General has for us.
Captain Demetrius; nice to hear from you.
Captain <PlayerName>, I have an urgent task for you. Don't ask many questions. Our infiltrator inside Baeldor government is carrying important information about those scientists you and Ridley went searching for, but his cover is compromised and needs immediate extraction. Your ship can reach him first. Go to The Fate sector immediately and secure our man. I'm sending you the necessary info about the vessel that is carrying our spy.
Affirmative general. Where do I have to take this spy?
I'll organize a ship to wait for him in the Forge sector. The ship's name is the Auspex. They'll emit a nav beacon for you to follow when you arrive in The Forge. And captain, be careful; those mercenaries have been running wild everywhere lately.
Scan indicates a single ship in our vicinity. It is named Rocky, a small trade vessel belonging to the Mining cartel. He is signaling us to approach.
We'll do as he asks, but carefully. Weapons on standby. This could be a trap. We'll hail it upon approach.
Greetings. Let's do this fast. I've already been paid for this delivery, so skip the pleasantries. I have a package for you. Take it and be gone. And for god's sake, turn off your weapons. I'm not about to attack you.
Renoir. At your service. Ah, normal ship at last. I was already sick of that dust covered claustrophobic can.
My job is done, I got my credits and you've got your ungrateful passenger. We won't be seeing around...
So, Mr. Renoir. I heard you have something for us.
I do. But please, let's first leave this place. I think I'm being watched, ever since I left planet Baeldor.
We were instructed to take you to The Forge sector. Demetrius is organizing a ship for you to command there.
You're really a wanted man Renoir and you made some impressions on your recent transport. Duster is back with friends and seems to want you back.
He looked suspicious from the first moment, but he was the cheapest smuggler and didn't ask too many questions.
Yes, but he apparently found another source of income... treason. I don't see a smart way out of this. We'll just have to fight our way through.
The Rocky is attempting to flee.
Captain, I suggest you catch Rocky with your grappling beam. We must find out who he works for.
Agreed. We'll intercept him and get him with the grappler... and then we'll have a chat.
We must have another chat, captain Duster... I insist. Who sent you?!
Nobody.
Come on. You can do better than that. There is no way out of here. You might as well talk and help yourself.
I have no idea what you are talking about. I saw what these mercs were up to, and I figured I'll stay and scavenge the derelicts. Yours or theirs. I'm a business man after all.
This is ridiculous. I suppose I have to use some of my old special ops skills on you. If you don't want to talk peacefully, I'll just have to persuade you differently... making a few holes in your ship for example.
Captain Duster. Our time is short and so is your life. Talk now, and I'll spare your life.
I don't know what you want from me!
Stop! This ship is my life. I don't know anything. I just ended up here at the wrong time.
They wanted to know where I left my passenger, and paid good for information.
Who? Mercs? And why do they want Renoir?
Honestly, I do not know. Please, leave me alone.
I disagree. Just a few more shots.
Ok, ok! I don't believe this! You are worse than the mercs! They approached me on planet Baeldor. Someone called Figueroa hired them. 
They knew this man, Renoir would ask me to smuggle him from the planet. They wanted me to take him where he wants and then lead them to Renoir's contacts.
You two faced scum! Is there no honor left among thieves?
Well... no. They paid more than you.
You...
Gentlemen, calm down. Captain Duster, you're coming with us. You lied to us already and we're taking you in for more interrogation.
Most certainly not. I'm not coming with you. I have other contracts to fulfill and now, thanks to you, I must repair my ship first.
That was not a request. That was an order.
Now we can leave. We have to rendezvous with the Auspex in the Forge.
Your assistance was appreciated captain. Last few days, after Baeldor agents tracked me down, were terrible. And if you hadn't came when you did... who knows what could have happened.
Don't mention it. What do you have for us?
There is a widespread conspiracy among major factions in Gemini. On Baeldor, their interests were defended by Carlos Figueroa, mentioned by Duster.
Who is he? And conspiracy to do what?
Figueroa is a high ranking Baeldor military officer. I don't know his exact role, but he seemed to be everywhere and know everything. And conspiracy? Don't know details about it either, but relations between Gemini factions are strained, almost on the brink of war and this mysterious group which, I believe includes Figueroa has ties in all governments. They are plotting something, and I trust they are using the current situation to implement their plans.
What about our missing scientists and the attack in Dead Air?
That attack was organized by Figueroa, and carried out by mercenaries. As far as I know, they were after scientists and parts of stasis technology. 
Where are the survivors?
Survivors are being transferred to Baeldor for questioning. My sources tell me the extradition will take place in Conquistador. We'll have to do something about that, but I must first convene with Demetrius about that.
I understand. Let's continue to the Auspex.
Here we go again. They really miss you, Renoir!
Feeling is not mutual, I'm afraid.
I don't think we can take them all out. It's better to outrun them. Helm, set course for The Forge TGate!
We're almost there, Mr. Renoir.
I just hope the ship will be adequate. Transport me onto the Auspex when we come in range.
It is not so bad actually. Thank you all for your help. I shall leave now, but I trust we shall meet again soon. Renoir out.
Lieutenant, send word to general Demetrius that the package has been delivered and send him the data Renoir gave us as well.
Yes sir. ... The general is hailing us back. Patching through.
Message received, captain. We'll have to go through this new information before we devise a plan of action. We'll contact you when that is ready... and captain; well done.
Captain. General Demetrius is hailing us over long range comm relays.
Affirmative, lieutenant. Open a secure channel.
Commander <PlayerName>, we went through the data Renoir procured and the info from our scouts. We now know the exact time and place where our scientists are to be transferred to Baeldor authorities.
That is good news. Are we organizing a rescue?
We must. You see, the technology those mercenaries stole for Baeldor Republic is useless without our scientists to operate and explain it. However, if they succeed in convincing them to cooperate, Baeldor will have something very powerful in its hands. 
What were they working on that is so special? Something except improved way for braking the rifts?
Captain <PlayerName> you fought by my side against Directorate and you were in SpecOps. So you should be aware what can happen if this technology is left in the wrong hands. Our people made progress with some advanced research on ways of manipulating anomalies...
What does it mean in the real world?
More than you can imagine. We suspected for a long time that other factions are also developing something based on this technology. It is not entirely unknown to them, so if they get this now... they'll be able to put it to use very soon.
I heard enough. What's the plan?
You need to reach Conquistador. There you'll find several civilian ships transporting scientists. Probably some merc escort too. Take the mercenaries out, and then disable other ships before transporting our people...
Where is my support?
There will be none. If you approach as a single ship, you might avoid alerting additional mercenaries. An entire fleet couldn't come in undetected.
What if their escort is too strong?
I'll try to scrounge up some ships to rendezvous with you once you're there, but I can't promise anything. When you rescue the scientists, make your way to The Barrow sector. You'll find a safe haven there, the Sagittarius station. It's one of our League stations. You'll be safe there.
Acknowledged. I'm on it.
Good luck...
Sir, we've reached Conquistador. Long range scan indicates two mid-sized civilian vessels, escorted by two mercenary ships.
Two ships? Only two ships? That's not what I expected.
There is nothing else of special interest.
Engage shields, full power to weapons and lay an intercept course. We'll take care of the escort ships first.
Remaining ships are sending out a distress signal.
We must work fast. Destroy their shields and cripple their engines. Prepare for transport.
We have multiple targets. Local Baeldor military warships. They are in a standard attack formation.
Baeldor? I guess masks are off... Full speed to Phyrric Victory. We must outrun them.
At long last... The already famous captain <PlayerName>. We have been waiting for you. Do you like the welcoming committee? Now, I suggest you lower your shields and prepare to be boarded. Or you prefer to die hard? A word of advice, captain: If you even move your ship, we'll see it as a sign of aggression and we will open fire. So do not test me!
I don't like this. I really don't like this!
Captain, one of the scientists we recovered wishes to speak with you. He says it's urgent.
Patch him through.
Hello, captain. I observed how our unfortunate situation is unfolding and I believe I can help.
Great, what did you have in mind? I hope you are one hell of a magician.
Almost. I need access to your power core and grappling beam controls and a few minutes.
Done. Make use of any resource you need and as for time, we'll see about it.
I didn't hear you answer captain! Are you ready to surrender?
There is no other way to finish this than our absolute and complete surrender. We shall engage our surrendering procedures immediately.
What the hell are you talking about? You have ten seconds to drop shields!
Of course... dropping them now... oh no, our main shields disengagement panel has malfunctioned. We are working on it...
Squad one; charge weapons and target their shield emitters. I'll help you lower your shields...
Don't do that. Our malfunction will cause ship-wide destruction if you destroy our shield emitter. We'll take care of it soon and then proceed with surrender.
Your tactics is strange one captain or maybe you are just crazy. In any case, I had enough of this.
I'm done. Give me all the power you can and you'll become temporarily cloaked. Turn off your weapons if necessary! Just do it! I'll explain later!
Very well. If you want to play, let's play. Figueroa to all ships: fire at will!
Unfortunately captain Figueroa, I've changed my mind about surrendering and must leave your little parade. Excuse us... Mr. Doe, shut down Combat mode ASAP! Helm, set course for The Barrow sector. We must reach Sagittarius station!
Dr. Mizuno, just what exactly did you do?
This is one of the things we experimented with onboard the Edison. We tried to adjust our extraction equipment to artificially create partial stasis rift around ships. You see, when a ship is caught in our partial rift, it is not completely immobilized. It can move but cannot do anything else. However, during that time, it cannot be detected or targeted.
In other words, you harvested the power of a space anomaly to create a sort of cloaking device.
Brilliant, isn't it? But, when we disengage the device, there could be some setbacks though... like fried equipment and some structural damage.
If we stayed there, a lot more would end up fried, doctor. Thank you for performing your stunt here.
Dr. Mizuno's device has been disengaged; we've lost shields and suffered damage on several other systems. Half of our energy grid and conduits have burned out. 
At least we're in one piece. Proceed to dock on Sagittarius.
Captain...
What is it lieutenant?
We've been receiving some scrambled signals the last few minutes. It seemed as simple background noise in the commlink channels, but I've isolated a specific signature I recognized from our assault on Soddom. I think it's a message from the Freimann.
Freimann? Well, patch it through.
It's too scrambled, captain. I'll compile the fragments and send them to your Log.
OK. Good work, lieutenant.
Steiger! It's good to see you. What are you doing in this sector? Did you run out of convoys yearning for protection?
My work is never done, but this time I was informed there is a far more important cargo to be secured here.
Important cargo? What are you talking about?
Allow me to join the discussion. My name is Gabriel Faulkner and I am in command of this installation. Bringing captain Steiger was my idea. We'll need his help in carrying out our next plan. You see, we need some merc cleansing done.
Really? But I should leave for Gilgamesh and report Baeldor fleet movement. They are becoming increasingly hostile and general Demetrius must be informed. Who knows what Figueroa's next move will be...
Leave Figueroa to the general for now. He has dealt with him before and Baeldor attack is not imminent at this point anyway. This station is on League side, just not too openly yet. Our position is too exposed and vulnerable and we need as little attention as possible. However, mercenaries dislike our attitude in recent conflicts and are increasing their attacks. Demetrius agreed that you should stay here a bit longer and help us out. I'm transmitting you his encrypted message.
Ok then. You have my attention. What's the plan?
Mercenaries do not trust our proclaimed neutrality. Whoever has them on payroll, wants to be sure of our every move so this station has lately been under almost complete blockade. As long as the situation remains like this, the League has no use for us and that is unacceptable. Therefore, mercs are to be eliminated from our vicinity.
Just like that? And who is to do that? Our fleet here? Fleet of two?! 
Pardon me captain, but my ship counts as at least five.
No need to fear gentleman. Our scientists mastered a plan which doesn't require a large force to be executed.
Oh... another scientific plan. Last one almost blew my ship to pieces.
But also saved your life if I remember correctly... This is the deal. There is a station in Gods Playground called Fontenaux. It is a center for merc operations and recruiting. It must be taken out. 
Well said. And the master plan of your brain trust is...?
We'll use a device...
...of course we'll use a device... we always use a device. What's it gonna do this time? Shrink the universe on a size of a fist, or make the mercenaries sing songs instead fire on us?
I really don't understand your behavior captain... I understand that in battle you always exercised methods different than our own, but now we have entirely new circumstances. They have fleets, we don't. They have battlestations, we have science outposts. We have no other choice but to use our knowledge and the element of surprise.
I know I know. It is just so hard to accept this war and grasp its direction. I have fought for years, and came so close to the end of the struggle and then the rift threw me right back where I started. It makes me furious...
...it makes you so furious that you just want to kill the bad guys. I will not rob you of that pleasure. There will be plenty of fighting to do. I just want to give you the advantage that will make you actually useful and not some angry suicidal maniac. Do you want to hear the plan then?
Go ahead, if it will really help...
It will. Our device, simply named Beacon, will be capable of crippling an entire station and defenders by itself, but it is not yet completed. We need several more parts and our agents obtained them already from a well connected smuggler, Isaac Helmsteen. Your mission is to meet with Isaac in the Deep Pockets sector, get the parts we need and safely escort the valuable cargo back to us.
Escort something valuable through enemy lines? Now I'm glad you requested Steiger.
The two of you are among our best captains. I'm sure a few loose mercenaries won't stop you. Mission details are updated to your computer. Good luck.
Captain; let's rendezvous in Deep Pockets. I have some loose ends to take care of along the way. Besides, you don't need a babysitter.
Hail captain! It's good you're here. I've noticed several ships, probably mercs, nearby. Sofar, they haven't shown any aggression, but I do hope they will. I don't get it though. Why are they not attacking? My sole presence scared them?
Must be... Keep your eyes open, something isn't right here. Let's continue to Domingues station.
We are receiving a distorted transmission captain.
You are late. I don't like to stay near those mercenaries longer than necessary. They make me nervous. They make my customers nervous and that's bad for business. Prepare to transport your merchandise and leave this sector.
Now leave and let me do business in peace.
Your ship is carrying just the thing we're looking for. I suggest you hand it over while you are still in one piece. We have no interest in you.
And I suggest you stop asking stupid things before I get really mad. Have you no manners?
That wasn't nice. Guess we'll have to teach you proper respect. All ships: choose your target and engage.
Captain <PlayerName> you'll have it your way. Plenty of fighting today to get our hearts pumping again... Brings back old memories...
What's the delay? I came to check on the status of those parts we need.
We have the parts, but these guys think they should take them and we are just handling the dispute...
That is good. Nothing better than good old diplomacy. I suggest you two join me and take care of these pests then.
This wasn't particularly challenging. I don't think we'll have any merc problems any time soon. Let me grab those parts and deliver them to Sagittarius.
Sure thing, Bertrand. They will be looking for two ships similar to ours. You'll have a better chance of going unnoticed.
I was never good at keeping a low profile, but I'll try... but only this once.
I'll accompany you Steiger. Captain <PlayerName>; you're free for the time being. Nicely done, gentlemen. It's always a pleasure to crash some ships with you.
Did anyone else notice how mercenaries are always in the right place at the right time? It's like they know our every move. 
Yes, that is very odd. And when such coincidence occurs more than once... one has to wonder...
Greetings captain. Bertrand already sent word that he's got the goods and is on his way. As soon as he arrives, we'll assemble the prototype and do some testing. I'll personally send word when that's done so we can continue with the plan. Sagittarius out.
Incoming message from Sagittarius. Patching it through to commlink.
Greetings captain. All the necessary preparations are finished and we can get on our way as soon as you arrive to Sagittarius. Be sure to dock on the station. This equipment is delicate.
Affirmative. We'll be there in no time, commander. <PlayerShip> out.
Great to have you with us, commander. The Beacon has been assembled and everything is ready.
Excellent. We can execute our strike then. Freimann, are you ready?
Me? I was born ready. Just tell me where to go and what to shoot at.
There is only one minor problem. The Beacon needs power... a lot of it. Our scientists have worked around the clock to create a stable and powerful energy source, but to no success. We'll have to be creative about that.
Creative? What do you mean creative? I can't exactly magically summon a power source in the middle of nowhere! I thought you had this figured all out.
And we do, captain. Dr. Mizuno gave us the idea...
... o-oh... I don't like the sound of that. Last time we used his idea, my ship almost broke in half.
Yes, but as I said before, it didn't and you escaped your predicament. What he suggested was to use what you find, meaning use something the mercenaries have in that sector against them.
I can't exactly capture their station, commander Faulkner. Not even I'm that good.
You won't have to. You see, the mercenaries have set up several guardposts in Gods Playground. These small stations are not nearly as powerful as stations, but they do have powerful power cores. Capture that, plug in our Beacon and you're set. After that simply clear the area and observe the fireworks.
That sounds plausible enough, though suicidal. Will one be enough?
I'm afraid not, so we constructed two devices. There are three guardposts in the sector. Capture two of them and then get out.
What about triggering the Beacons? What's the maximum range?
Erm... that's the other thing... There is no trigger. When you plug it in, it immediately starts doing what it does. We didn't have enough time to dabble with the small details.
You won't be there to see what those small details can cause; we will... but, no matter. I'm in for the ride.
OK. It's bound to be fun, if nothing else. Transfer the devices to my ship and we'll be on our way.
Excellent. I knew the two of you won't disappoint me! Good luck and remember; when the Beacons reach their full potential, anomalies will start popping up everywhere in the sector. Make sure you get out of there as soon as possible.
We'll keep that in mind. See you when it's done. <PlayerShip> out.
Mr. Doe, status please.
Fontenaux is in the middle of the nearby junkyard, surrounded by several vessels of various designs. They didn't detect us. The three guardposts stand in a circular pattern around the station.
Shall I engage them and clear your way?
No. Proceed ahead to the station and start a brawl. Once they spot you, start heading away from the station. Jump into adjacent sectors if necessary,
but lure as many of them away from the station as possible. I suspect they'll come running to defend the guardposts once I start the attack.
Take care, captain. I'd hate to see something happen to you. We have a lot more ship smashing ahead of us... Ok, here we go...
I don't know what you are hoping to achieve, but if you surrender now, I promise to order my ships to stand down.
Why are you threatening us? We just have a present for you. Aren't you curious?
No, I'm not, but the defense fleet is very curious about the status of your shields. You just wait there. They'll be with you in no time.
I'm impressed. You have a tough little ship there. I think I'll keep it after your corpse leaves it.
I'm not planning on dying today... Lieutenant, mark the second guardpost. Let's finish this. 
Numerous anomalies appearing everywhere around us, captain!
Get us out of here! Maximum speed!
Those scientists really do have a taste for shows.
I don't at the moment. Any one of these anomalies could be our doom and I'm not very fond of being stuck in time for another 20 years.
Congratulations, you have just stabbed yourself and your precious League in the back. We were the least of your problems, but you just didn't kno...
And that's the end of Fontenaux. It's a good thing most of them escaped with the pods.
It was about time. Let's get out of here, before their friends come.
What is this now? Korkyrans? Where did they come from?
According to my readings, it came from a stasis rift. The Beacons we detonated were essentially a magnet for anomalies. We used natural occurrences in this sector and channeled them on a single point. It destroyed Fontenaux, but destabilized all anomalies in this area as well. We'll probably see more anomalies appearing.
Yes, but about this Korkyran ship?
I don't know and I don't care. Last thing I want is to be trapped in a rift... again...
We can't both risk being trapped, but this vessel could hold some important information for the League. Captain Steiger, leave for Sagittarius at once, report our success in destroying Fontenaux. I'll remain here and try to board this dead ship.
Acknowledged. Happy hunting captain. Freimann out.
Our team is on the target. We have link.
Captain, this ship is the Black Ghost from the Korkyran judicator fleet. It looks to be fully operational, but inactive and without crew. Proceeding to the bridge. We'll attempt to search its database.
...
We got it.  You are not going to believe this. Black Ghost was performing some tests of stasis rift technology! Apparently, something went wrong and they were caught in a rift themselves.
Stasis technology?! This is not good at all. Where did they get that technology? And what about the crew?
I have no idea where the crew is, but they bought the technology from scientists commanding the Yang, the ship we met recently. Also, records show that Black Ghost was traveling to several Nyxian stations in the past few days.
I believe the owners are here to collect their property. Our boarding party is returning now.
Captain <PlayerName>, I see you have found our missing ship. Very nice of you. And because of that gesture, we shall not destroy you, but I suggest you leave the sector... quickly.
Captain <PlayerName>, hurry back to our position. Massive Baeldor fleet is on its way to our sector.
How? Why?
An entire revenant fleet appeared in the Masquerade sector and burned everything. In response, Baeldor alarmed its republic fleet and pursued the revenants. Now they are searching every sector to find the rest of them. We are accused of harboring revenants because they found our docking log that noted your recent arrival.
But, my presence could mean even greater danger for you.
Revenants are but a pretext. Baeldor is using the incident to start an all-out war against the rising League. They have been preparing for awhile. I have broadcasted a request for help to all and any League ships, but there are not many ships in the vicinity. Freimann and the Anathema, which just arrived, are our only defense at the moment.
Hang on! I'll be there ASAP.
Dmitry Kuzhev reporting for duty! I'll reach your position momentarily.
How did you get here with Baeldor fleet in the way?
My friend there and I weren't trained in special warfare for nothing. I observed a major battle between a Republic fleet and those poor disoriented revenants. Once the revenants were defeated and fled the battlefield, I simply joined them. I am one of them after all, remember? Then I transmitted to all of their surviving ships false information that there is a friendly outpost in this sector. So, I tricked them into coming here and used their fight along the way to cover my own arrival. And while they are here, they might as well be useful in battle... If they survive long enough.
Smart thinking and fast reaction, captain. What is the size of Baeldor fleet?
You won't like it. Several battle groups and more on the way from outer Baeldor sectors.
If I can make a suggestion. Our evacuation convoy is almost ready and we need you to keep Baeldor at a distance long enough for us to transport personnel and equipment.
Let's engage Baeldor fleet while they are still amused with the revenants. The more targets they have, the less is the chance they will realize how few of us there are.
Don't you think it's getting crowded around here? So many targets to choose from... 
Just be fast about picking them, before I dispose of them all.
This is pointless. They are swarming the sector. I'm detecting another battle group that will enter the sector soon. There is no chance we can hold the station. I'm ordering evacuation.
Well, their numbers don't scare me, but if you wish to save defenseless civilians, I'll go with that. We'll try to keep the station safe until you make your run.
Our evacuation is complete. Freighters are on their way.
How do you plan to evade them all?
We installed special generators on our freighters. We'll glide pass them without even being noticed...
Very well. Good luck then and safe journey.
And captain <PlayerName>, deal with my station. Before leaving, I set Sagittarius to self-destruct. Make sure it happens.
Freighters are gone; Sagittarius is on its way to hell... Shall we leave as well? Nothing to do here anymore.
Something's not right. The station should have self destructed by now.
Affirmative. The self destruct mechanism is malfunctioning. I'd recommend transporting aboard, but something is jamming our transporters.
Guess we'll have to do it the old fashioned way. Set course to dock on the station. We'll rig it and blow it up.
We're on our way captain. We'll use the stations transports to get around quicker.
Affirmative commander. Keep me informed.
Almost... there that's the last of the charges. We've rigged the power core. Timer is short so I suggest we get away from here as fast as possible.
Agreed. The situation out there is getting worse. We'll have to break through a sizeable Baeldor fleet once we undock.
Captain! Are you all right? 
I'm fine, but my ship is done for. I'm a sitting duck here.
Steiger, get Freimann out of here! I'll pick them up!
Captain <PlayerName>, League has a present for you. Since you are currently missing a ship to command, the general organized another vessel for you. It is a Korkyran ship for a reason, but Demetrius will explain that later.
I appreciate the gesture... Mr. Doe, your task is to familiarize yourself with new equipment as soon as you can.
Well, it is not like our old ship, but a few days in a suitable shipyard could correct its flaws.
Welcome to Freiburg station. Just a glimpse at all these refugees is enough to see what you've been through. You are safe here. This is the strongest and oldest League station. Our cell is the one where dream of a united Gemini was forged originally.
What's the general shape of the League now?
The Barrow cell doesn't exist anymore. Its survivors were partly evacuated to Gilgamesh, partly here. Some civilians left for independent sectors and are now scattered throughout the system. We at Freiburg are still safe. Baeldor is busy waging war on Korkyra, and we'll have some peace for now.
What are we to do next? Has there been any contact with Demetrius lately?
Captain Kuzhev, you must go to The Belt sector. Some refugees are reportedly held there by mercenaries. And for our captain <PlayerName> we have a special mission. Orders came directly from Demetrius. You'll get the chance to use your new ship. Mr. Renoir will join you on this mission. He is waiting for you in the Hallway sector with more details.
On my way. 
Ah, good to see you again captain. I'm glad they sent you. News of your determination and bravery precede you.
A person of your background and connections must have a pretty good picture of what is going on. Care to share your insight?
Of course. You'll need it for our next assignment. Revenant fleet that laid waste to Mascarade, an incident that provoked massive military response, was extracted from stasis rift by Korkyran technology. Or at least that is what Baeldor is saying. Our intelligence supports that claim however. The device used in Mascarade was a hybrid between Korkyran experimental technology and our own stasis equipment.
That is why Baeldor turned on Korkyra? Where did the Triumvirate get stasis technology?
Baeldor attacked Korkyra for many reasons; Mascarade was just an excuse. After all, Baeldor fleet invaded independent sectors as well. That could be an opportunity for Gemini League to expand its influence. As for stasis technology in Korkyran hands, that is where you and your ship come in. Information on a secret device from Mascarade are most likely stored on the Scepter station in the Fringe. It is the most sophisticated Korkyran science center for military research and you command a Korkyran ship. Get it?
You want me to go there and pose as a part of their navy to obtain access to that data? What about checkpoints? You can't just walk into a military complex like that...
That is why you have me. I'll give you the needed codes and passwords and the rest is up to your acting skills.
Ok, prepare to transfer to my ship.
Mr. Renoir is onboard.
Set course for The Fringe.
Just remain calm. Keep you shields dropped and speed below half.
Identify yourself!
Transmit this code to them: 99-88-65-70
Thank you, Imperion. Have a safe journey to Scepter.
All stop and transmit identification codes.
Just repeat the number you gave the border patrol.
Correct. Prepare to be boarded for inspection.
What the... must be a random control. If they come here, we're done for.
Captain, we are transporting vital research parts to Scepter. Is this necessary? We'll be late and the Judiciary won't be happy to hear that in these dire times.
You're right. The Judicators are already nervous, and if I irritate them further, I could end up doing patrols in some backwater sector. Your code is correct. Proceed.
That was close. The station perimeter is the only barrier left.
Take you ship to full stop. We request your code and docking password.
Code is the same as before and for password try Chameleon.
Thank you. Welcome Imperion. Dock when ready.
Renoir is onboard the Scepter. 
Now all we can do is wait.
Imperion, why are you still docked? Your orders are to proceed to Korkyran capital after delivery. Respond!
Now what?
We are leaving in a moment. Just some minor troubles with the docking clamps.
Our scan shows no problems with your docking clamps. Leave the dock immediately and proceed with your mission.
Ok. Mr. Doe, leave the dock, but remain in transporter range.
Imperion? Are you having troubles with you engines now too?
Actually, we are. I guess this is a common malfunction on this vessel class? We'll fix it in no time.
Not really. Do you require assistance?
No no, our engineers are solving the problem as we speak.
I don't think they believe us. Korkyran patrol has been alerted. They are moving to intercept. 
I guess we'll be doing that inspection after all...
We're out of options. Prepare for combat.
Your ship really needs a complete overhaul, captain. Looks like your weapons are broken as well. Why are they charged?
We are being scanned by the station.
This is not the Imperion! Commander Venable, intercept and destroy!
I heard everything. Captain, I need several more moments to finish my job here. Take care of those ships and don't worry about the station. I've disabled the surrounding platforms.
I have what we came here for. Transport me to your ship and let's get the hell out of here.
We got him. Setting course out of the sector.
Take me to Zero Hour. My ship will be waiting there.
Thank you captain. I shall analyze the data we recovered and inform you as soon as possible.
We're receiving a transmission from the Auspex.
Affirmative. Open a channel.
Captain <PlayerName>; time is short so let's keep this simple. The League has a covert mission for you. Usually, I'd take this kind of assignment, but time is of the essence and your ship is closer. You must go to Promethean, a Korkyran sector.
Why Promethean? If my database is correct, there is nothing of interest there.
That is precisely why you must go there. Promethean is not supposed to be all that populated. Except numerous dust clouds, there shouldn't be anything else of great interest there. However, records from Scepter indicate very high level of traffic between them and an installation in Promethean. They were exchanging everything: ships, officers, technology...
That is unusual. It's a good thing we're going out there to check things out. But why such a rush?
My informants report a great degree of chatter in the area. Something is bound to happen soon enough and I think it is best the League has someone there to have a look. 
Agreed. What should be our focus?
As far as I could discern, whatever is to take place, will happen in or around a space station in that sector. The station in question is called Quasar. Until recently, the station seemed as of no special interest, but this might change that assessment.
Got it. Helm, we're leaving for Promethean.
Long range scans detect Quasar station and local traffic. Nothing looks out of place, but I suggest we move in closer.
That is enough. Stop the ship and start scanning. Notify me of anything unusual.
The station is of Civilian design. Designation is Quasar and it looks like a military installation, but the station's defenses indicate the target is of low importance.
Incoming ships. Several mercenary vessels. They are ignoring us and... are attacking the installation. Shall we engage?
No... Let them fight. They will pay less attention to us.
Did you see that? I believe the fight is just a cover for that ship. Follow it! We must learn where it's going. Send encrypted transmission to the Auspex and notify them of the situation.
The Charlize has jumped to Iron Fist sector. We should follow it.
Incoming high priority message through long distance relays. It's Renoir. Patching him through.
What is going on Renoir? I have the feeling you know much more than you are telling me. Why are we following these guys around?
Because the greatest threat we are facing are not fleets of Korkyra or Baeldor... but a traitor in our own ranks.
Traitor? What makes you say that?
Common sense friend. As you already witnessed, mercs know our every move; Korkyra experiments and upgrades our own stasis technology... too many impossible things happened lately.
The general agrees. Intelligence we gathered on the Scepter... only officers on Freiburg were informed and as you saw, mercs knew about the secret Quasar station.
Someone in League hierarchy on Freiburg is passing information to a third party, but we don't know anything more at this point.
I understand. We must learn what this Charlize took from Quasar and where they are taking it...
...and to whom...
What is this now?
Hail them, lieutenant.
No response. They're powering weapons!
We sure stepped on more than a few toes lately. Raise shields and prepare for combat!
That's that... but I'm afraid we lost the Charlize.
Not necessarily... Lieutenant Bergquist, use some of those scanning routines dr. Ridley had shown you.
With pleasure, captain. ... There, I've isolated the residual energy pattern from the Charlize. We can follow those like bread crumbs.
Mark the course, lieutenant. We have to hurry if we don't want the trail to dissipate.
Nyxians? What does this mean? 
Looks like neutrality doesn't bring profit to the Consortium anymore. Relay the info to Renoir. We need some insight.
Encrypted transmission sent.
How deep is the Nyxian involvement in all of this?
General Demetrius is hailing us through relays.
Demetrius? ... Seems we stumbled on something important here. Let's not keep them waiting then...
Captain <PlayerName>, good job. I'm still impressed by the way you handle your assignments. Being frozen in that rift really preserved more than just your skin complex... 
Send all the relevant data to me so I can review it in more detail. I'll contact you when we decide our next step.
Affirmative. What should I do about these Nyxians and the mercenary ship?
Nothing. Do not, I repeat, Do not engage them.
Yes sir. <PlayerShip> out.
Hello and welcome to this demo build of Starpoint Gemini, a real-time RPG tactical simulation.
SPG is set in a SF universe filled with various factions, vessels of different designs, asteroid fields, junkyards and strange spatial anomalies.
This intro is meant to show you the most interesting and fun feature of SPG: space battles and some of the visual elements not seen in the demo.
New game will start immediately after this intro. We hope you like what we have to show you and that you will enjoy Starpoint Gemini.
This concludes our training, ensign. You've done well and I think you have a great career ahead of you.
Hello, hello, please! To any ship in the vicinity! We need immediate assistance. Our vessel is damaged and life support is critical. Please assist!
Mr. Doe, scan for signs of that ship.
Right away sir. I see it... Looks like she lost all engine power and operates on emergency power, but I cannot determine the cause of that damage. What shall we do?
Don't just stand here. Set an intercept course. We'll check it out. (ACCEPT)
Something is not right here. Proceed with our original course. (DECLINE)
Oh, thank you so much for your help.
How can we help?
You can turn your ship over to us. It will suffice.
What?!
Captain, multiple ships converging on our position! It's a trap!
Prepare for battle!
Incoming transmission from general Demetrius. Opening channel.
Captain; we've got work to do... Mr. Renoir told you that we suspect there is a traitor on Freiburg. He must be flushed out if we are to continue our operations smoothly. When you are ready, find me in The Belt sector and you'll be updated then. Until then I suggest you avoid Freiburg station altogether. They don't accept revenants with open hands anymore. Officially, they don't want to draw Korkyran attention, but there is more to that story, I just know it. I will see you in The Belt, captain, when you are ready. You'll find me near Okayama Free Port. Just contact me when you get there. Demetrius out.
Roger that, general. Helm, alter course. We're going to The Belt.
Ah, you are here. Not a moment too soon. It is time we force Freiburg spies out in the open. For that, your help is required. You see, you have quite a reputation already and it holds you as a free minded, smart individual without blind loyalty to anybody. And that could exactly help you in gaining trust on Freiburg.
But you said revenants are not very welcome there anymore.
They aren't, but first, you are not just any revenant and second, we'll fix you up to look poor and helpless. They just won't resist helping you and then you'll get the chance to throw them a hook.
You'll make me look helpless? If I didn't know you from past times, Demetrius, I would be very suspicious of you right now... what's the plan?
Simple, I'll shoot at your ship now and you will just stand still...
Take it easy Demetrius. Don't split my ship in half. I already lost one.
Trust me; I know what I'm doing.
Are you done? I hope you are, 'cause I'm getting strange desires to make you a bit helpless too... just for fun.
Yes, it's over. To an untrained eye, it looks as if you just barely escaped with your life. You must convince them that you must dock there for critical repairs.
Ok; and if they agree and decide not to finish your job? Then what?
Then you must mention a mission you are supposedly on. A high ranking scientist wishes to defect from Korkyra and become a member of the League. In return, he offers valuable information regarding secret ties between factions... If they take the bait, bring their people to The Writ sector where the alleged scientist is waiting. From there, leave the matters to me.
And if they don't believe me?
Then simply repair your ship, tell them some lies, and leave.
Very well then. This is a very weird plan, but since we have no other, we may as well give it a shot.
Halt captain! Why are you here? We have no business for you right now and your presence could draw the Korkyran navy. Don't bring Freiburg at gunpoint; League cannot afford to lose another strategic position.
I regret the inconvenience commander Stern, but I just escaped another inconvenience! I risked my ship and lives of my crew to obtain information vital to the League and now you are telling me that a nice word and a few repairs are too much to ask from an ally?!
Calm down. I didn't know of your bad luck. Of course you can repair your ship here. Just don't stay here too long... What vital information did you obtain? I wasn't informed of any mission in progress.
It was a covert one and you weren't left out. I was ordered to report my findings to you personally. I'm updating my mission report to your computer.
Ah, I see. Please captain, dock with the station and finish your repairs, then when I examine your report, we'll discuss our next move.
So, you are on your way now to meet with a potential defector? That could be tremendously important for the League. Korkyra won't let their scientist defect just like that. No, captain Lucas Girard of the Venerable will assist you in this mission. He is an experienced commander and will be of great use in case something goes wrong.
It is an honor to finally meet a living legend from the colonial war. You can rely on me.
Yes, thank you. Let's move out.
There's no one here. Maybe the would-be defector got scared and fled.
Wait. Mr. Doe, transmit our recognition signal.
Transmitting... A ship is de-cloaking. It is the Columbus. They're confirming our signal.
Nice to see you captain. You are reliable just as we were told. We can't stay here for long.
Of course. Set your ship to autodestruct and standby for transport.
Captain, we'll take it from here. Thank you for the assistance.
Venerable, what are you doing? Abort your attack! Abort!
No response. The Venerable is resuming assault.
Captain Girard! Stand down. You'll answer for this!
What the...Target Girard's ship and try to disable it.
Captain, Damocles is emerging from the asteroid field. Three hostile ships en route as well.
Just as planned, ha? Destroy this traitorous dog!
Commander Seymour, you are late. Now, do what you are paid to do!
You League weaklings. All you do is complain. We are moving to assist you Venerable.
You got friends in strange places Girard...
Mercenaries are just the kind of friends I need. They talk little, care even less and get the job done.
Wrong, you will not do your job here. Except if your mission is to die.
That is the last of them. Dr. Partanen, we'll transport you now. Is your ship ready to autodestruct?
We are ready, but we sustained damage and autodestruct system is malfunctioning.
Very well. Captain <PlayerName>, destroy the Columbus. Korkyra must believe the scientists died.
What was this all about?
What? We found out where treachery stinks from, didn't we?
Yes, but... no offense to dr. Partanen, but why is our alleged defector so useless in combat? He almost died without even firing a shot? Am I missing something or was this organized a bit lousy?
No, but you are quite perceptive. You see, dr. Partanen is in fact a real defector. He is not our agent and he has never been in battle before today.
What? Why wasn't I told that?
Come on old friend... What would you have done? I knew the traitor was tied to Freiburg and that he was familiar with our plans and missions. You stayed on Freiburg for some time and you had knowledge of our intentions. I couldn't just disregard you as a suspect. But, luckily for you Venerable's first shot on you cleared you of any suspicion.
Lucky me... Now what? 
Now we'll take dr. Partanen back to our headquarters at Gilgamesh for debriefing. Then we'll have to construct a strategy on how to deal with Freiburg. It seems they aren't working towards the same goal as we. You are free captain, for the time being. Watch your step, there are not many safe sectors today and we'll definitely need you soon. Damocles out.
General Demetrius is hailing us through relays. Patching him through.
Captain, we've finished interviewing dr. Partanen. It is hard to believe how far dirty games go in this system.
After all I've seen, I expected something like that. What did you learn?
Stern and his followers at Freiburg really do have some agenda of their own. It is still unknown whether they work for a specific faction or something else, but they certainly do not share our goals anymore. It was Stern who gave our stasis technology to Korkyra. Our defector, dr. Partanen was among the Korkyran scientists who were assigned to upgrade our own extraction procedures.
For what purpose?
Unknown. However, information given to us by Mr. Renoir does confirm what Partanen is saying. Korkyra transferred a newly developed extraction device to Masquerade with mercenary help. There they used it to simultaneously bring back an entire fleet of revenants which then ravaged the sector believing they are stuck in enemy territory. Korkyra, in fact, drew Baeldor into open confrontation intentionally. They also hoped this tragedy would directly implicate Nexus scientists at Tesla and Sagittarius. Those scientists developed first generation of stasis technology for the League and after Masquerade they naturally became prime suspects.
So, Korkyra plotted with Stern to plunge Gemini back into war and chaos? I don't understand what could they possibly gain from that? In case of military victory, the Triumvirate would expand to more sectors under their command, but how will Stern benefit from such destruction?
The motive itself eludes me for now. Stern was one of the League founders... I can't imagine what happened to him or was he just deceiving us all from the start... Matters not; Freiburg must be dealt with. Now is the time for the League to make a stand. We will not accept treachery easily and we will not accept becoming irrelevant in our own future. League was shattered once and so help me God, it will not be shattered again. Not in front of my eyes for the second time!
Amen to that. It is about time we show those politicians and thieves the League fist.
Make your way to The Belt sector to join with the rest of our forces. I'll fill you in on the details of the upcoming mission there.
You are a sight for sore eyes. I already thought we'll have to deal with Freiburg on our own.
Even that would be zero problem for me, but it will be more fun in a crowd.
Enemies I don't like, but traitors I can't stand. It is my finger on the trigger that will be the end of Stern.
And, I see captain <PlayerName> is with us again... I would say I missed you, but it could be misinterpreted, so let me just say:  good to see you again.
Same here, dr. Ridley. And you don't have to be modest because of me. I missed you too... no offense to other captains here, but unlike you, they are fonder of shooting than talking.
Shouldn't I be? It is war if you haven't noticed.
Yes, I agree. We always liked a good fight. You too captain <PlayerName> Maybe you got soft lately. Rift preserved you from wrinkles, but your true age is clear... 
Gentlemen, do you intend to kill our enemies by talking them to the death? I think you are all getting soft, but this battle will help you get strong again. So, to explain the plan... Once in Red Mist, we'll divide into two groups. Group one is Archimedes and <PlayerShip>. You seem to get along nicely so let's use it to our advantage. The rest of us are group two. Our mission is to engage Freiburg defense vessels. And please be aware that Stern has powerful allies, so it is imperative that we finish our job as soon as possible and get out of there. Good luck.
You just won't let go... don't you understand what you are up against? Or you just can't resist fighting lost causes?
My lost cause was your cause too. And Stern's...
The difference is, we realized it and you still live in a dream.
I'll rather have my dream than your pitiful reality... By the way, shouldn't you be dead?
Hah, unfortunately for you, I survived the doom of my ship and now; it's payback time.
You think I'm done? Guess again captain. I'm on the station now, on a very safe distance and I owe you triple now. Say hello to our friends.
Captain! A large number of vessels are entering the sector. A Korkyran war fleet led by the Teutonic! Multiple attack fleets are closing in very fast.
Now this is something challenging at last. Try to keep up... but leave Stern to me!
Negative! We are vastly outnumbered and the station is barely damaged. Withdraw immediately. There is no point in us dying here.
Korkyrans are attempting to block our escape.
Break formation! Try to reach the T-Gate. Give them as many targets as you can. Our destination is Gilgamesh station. Stern will have to wait.
Did you hear that, Stern? You are lucky I follow orders. Otherwise, this would be the end of you.
Good thing I followed you here. Hurry up. My disruption field won't hold forever. You've got a few minutes to flee, so make use of them...
Dr. Scott, you just made me a very happy man. The League won't forget this...
Of course you won't. I won't let you... Scientists of Tesla have so many projects in need of funding...
Captain <PlayerName>; we're safe for the moment, but Stern has to be dealt with. League fleet: regroup at Gilgamesh. Demetrius out.
Damocles to fleet, our work here is done. Retreat to you bases for repair and refit and congratulations once again on a fight well fought!
I'm afraid the time has come for me to leave your station. Scientists on Tesla are already under pressure and it will become impossible if someone detects my ship docked to Leagues headquarters.
What about Archimedes? My ship also bears the mark of Nexus.
Ah, Ridley, you are already known to be out of any control and as I see it spending time with captain <PlayerName> made you more of a soldier than scientist...
Come on, Thomas. I'll always be a real book worm inside... it's just that these are too important times to spend them locked in some geek institution...
Whatever you want... I updated your central database with the latest records from Tesla long range sensors. Hopefully, some of it could help you determine your move. Scott out...
Hm, interesting. Tesla's logs indicate that a vessel named the Imp is regularly travelling through Observatory on a route between Freiburg and Baeldor. I recall Renoir mentioning that ship once...
So? We have no idea what its purpose is. He may be just on a trading route.
Trading route? Such a small ship trading in distant sectors alone in the middle of the war? I doubt it. But we'll know more after we seize it.
Seize it? How very diplomatic... What's the plan?
I'll wait for the Imp in Observatory. When it arrives, I'll engage and capture it. Simple and efficient.
I was always afraid of simple things... they tend to get a lot more complicated... But don't you mean “we'll wait for the Imp”?
No. I said and I meant “I”. It's only one small ship. What can it do? Besides, I know you'll come to the rescue if anything goes wrong.
Something usually goes wrong, and it usually ends with destruction... and we need that ship in one piece.
Very funny Ridley, I thought you trust me...
I trust you, but you and your friend Kuzhev seem to put trust only in your guns.
Our target is just passing Tesla. We can grab it immediately. Do not fire on the Imp. We'll hail it first and then see what happens.
Attention Imp. Disengage your engines and prepare for inspection. We detect hazardous materials in your storage bay.
No response captain. Imp has increased speed and raised shields.
Captain of the Imp! Please respond! We can't grant you passage without being inspected.
The target is now at maximum speed and there is no response to our hails.
That does it! He'll run away. Mr. Doe, target that vessel and disable it.
Imp is dead in space. We are ready to board it.
Captain, there is only one person onboard and the ship is on auto-pilot. I believe our silent passenger activated auto-destruct.
Hurry up then, download their navigation logs and get out of there!
Done! We have the memory logs and our prisoner.
Lieutenant, put some distance between us and Imp.
Did you really have to do this near my station? You see, I'm trying to avoid unnecessary attention. I guess there is no use telling you that... Did you at least find something of interest onboard that ship?
Plenty, but it is all encrypted, we'll need time...
...come to Tesla. Our people will decipher that data faster than you. And general Demetrius wants to meet with you here anyway. He is on his way as we speak...
Excellent, captain, your initiative is commendable. Ambushing the Imp is exactly what I too had in mind. Our need for new intelligence is now dire, for our sources are very limited, especially after losing Sagittarius and Freiburg. But, to raise morale a bit, I too have good news... Nyxian Consortium is hosting a peace conference at their station in Junction. If all goes well, war could soon be over...
If all goes well, yes, but it sounds too easy and too simple...
My plan with the Imp was simple and it succeeded, despite your pessimism...
We broke the encryption of Imp's database captain. Some strange things are in there. And I doubt you'll like it. I'm sending the data...
What is this? Former colonial directorate? Is this a joke? 
Afraid not. If these logs are false, they must be the best forgery I had ever seen...
Looks like high ranking officials from all factions were communicating intensely lately, but that makes no sense. Baeldor and Korkyra are still at war and Nyx is neutral.
Officially at least... Our intelligence reports dramatic increase in Nyx fleet buildup and they are merchants. What do they need warships for?
We have an unpleasant situation evolving here people... Long range sensors show unknown ship entering the Observatory. You need to be gone... Now! If anybody sees our little League conference here, there goes our proclaimed neutrality.
We can't just vanish in a second...
Please allow me. You are in scientist wonderland after all. We'll push you to temporary controlled stasis rift. Don't be alarmed. OK... let's hope this works.
How do you like our little trick?
Nice, very nice...What did that ship want?
It was an official Nyxian envoy. He handed formal invitation for Nexus to attend peace conference on Solomon station. I don't really know why they didn't use long range comm...
We must be there. I have a feeling something important will take place.
I agree, but the League isn't officially recognized and I don't think intruders are going to be welcomed warmly.
Perhaps we can find a way around such petty protocols... General Demetrius, please transport to my office on Tesla. We must discuss these new events. Captain <PlayerName>, you are free for now. We'll contact you in time for the conference and I suspect your presence will be required.
Captain. We've ironed out the details in our plan for the conference. Please come to Tesla station in the Observatory. We'll tell you more when you arrive.
Welcome back commander. General Demetrius and scientist council of Tesla reached an agreement of mutual protection and granted the League an official role in the upcoming peace conference.
What kind of a statement is that? You became a politician while I was away, dr. Scott?
Don't start that captain. It's all just a part of our strategy. Scientists of Tesla are responsible for the development of stasis technology and are in a way responsible for much of the recent chaos. So, their presence at the Solomon summit is required. Ours is not, but we must be there. So dr. Scott made a pact with us. We'll provide protection during the conference. Each envoy must organize its own protection and since Tesla scientists have no army and we are more reliable than mercenaries, voila... League is now invited to attend the summit.
Clever. What about other factions? They don't actually like us...
Someone's personal opinion is not our concern during the conference. Entire Junction sector is under general cease fire for the time being. No hostilities are allowed while the conference is in progress. 
Dr. Scott will come aboard your ship, captain. You are his official escort. My reputation would probably make my presence there unbearable. 
Ok, sounds good to me. Dr. Scott, we are ready when you are.
Dr. Scott and Tesla delegation is onboard our ship. We are ready to go.
A lot of traffic today... Looks like we are the last to arrive. Keep your head down captain, don't provoke them, but stay on alert.
Mr. Doe, I want you to scan the station and the ships in the vicinity continuously.
Yes captain. They are all already doing the same thing.
Everybody scanning everybody and just waiting for the wrong move. Such profound trust...
We are now at Solomon station. Your only task now, captain is to sit tight and wait. They're telling me no ship is allowed to stay docked, so undock, but stay nearby... just in case.
Well well, who do we have here? A new hero of an ancient organization.
Figueroa... I didn't think I'd see you here...
The feeling is mutual, captain. You escaped the last time we met and I was looking forward to questioning you.
Oh come now. You can't still be angry about that.
If this were not a peace conference you would pay for the humiliation you caused me in Baeldor.
We'll see about that. Perhaps one day you'll get the chance to try Figueroa.
Maybe that could be today...wait, what is going on here...
My God... it's an entire fleet. They are coming here. But... their markings... they are twenty years old... I don't believe my own eyes, it can't be.
Better believe it. These are ships of the Colonial Directorate! Where did they come from?
Or better yet, what do they want? Mr. Doe inform dr. Scott and tell him to be ready to leave... fast!
I can't reach him... there is... I'm detecting weapons fire on the station. Members of the conference are under attack...
Transport dr. Scott on our ship immediately!
Unable to comply captain. Station has engaged some kind of field, interfering with our transporter...
Then turn us about. We'll have to buy Scott some time to do his science thing and shut down the field.
I can't. There's also some kind of energy dampening field. It's neutralizing our engines.
Captain, do you have any idea what is going on? We can't leave the dock or do anything.
Neither can we. What is the status of the incoming fleet?
They split in two groups, one is heading towards the Forge sector and the other is coming this way fully armed.
Solomon isn't fighting back... why?
To all envoy ships in Junction; lower your shields and do not resist. Colonial Directorate is taking control here.
I guess we that answers your question, lieutenant.
My ships... Tactical group one, I am stuck at the dock. Defend us until we break free!  
I don't think they are coming Carlos.
Tactical group one! Respond! Why are they leaving me? Traitorous worms! No matter, once I get my hands on them...
Captain, finally! I broke through the commlink jammer from one of the station's terminals. You must leave the station immediately! I'll turn off the dampening field!
Dr. Scott, we can't transport you while the dampening field is in place.
I can't do anything about that. Just leave. I'm sending you encrypted data and updates from Solomon's memory core. Take it and go!
Dampening field's down! We can leave the dock!
We're not leaving Scott behind! Tactical; target the nearest Directorate ship! We'll buy the doctor that time now!
I see you bumped into some Directorate scum...beautiful! Captain, destroy the guardpost and free the Starfinder. I'll get Scott!
Thank you captain, but you still owe me...
I have Scott! There's nothing else we can do here. Let's make a run for Gods Playground!
They are really stubborn. Show them they should have stayed in the past.
More Directorate vessels are coming from the T-Gate.
We must proceed to Green Mile.
This sector is clear. This was one very interesting battle.
Not the words I would choose to describe it, but...
I believe our true enemy was revealed at last. 
Colonial Directorate, who would have thought? 
There is no time for wondering, we must learn what the connections between the Directorate and the Gemini factions are.
All I know is that they attacked all ships except Nyxian! I think this entire conference was a setup. 
Don't forget that your own people abandoned you as well, Figueroa.
I won't, trust me! I cannot consider myself a part of Baeldor military anymore. We don't stab each other in the back! I knew I was under surveillance for investigating weird transactions among Baeldor and Korkyran officials, but this... General, I formally request asylum. I cannot fight for Baeldor interests anymore, not while they cooperate with the enemy and support treason.
Your service is appreciated, but do not reject your Baeldor rank so hastily. If you remain inside their military structure, you could be a very valuable source of information for us.
Betray the betrayer... sounds fair to me...
Ok then. Captain Figueroa is leaving for Baeldor to search for clues about their involvement in all of this, I'm leaving for Last Ditch to put Nyxian role in perspective and you, captain, handle Korkyra. I'm transporting Korkyran survivors to your ship. The exact course of action is up to you. Use your own judgment, but I suggest Beijing station in this sector as your first stop. They are still outside any faction influence and have suffered some losses during all of this. Gentlemen, god speed to you all!
Carlos, we are allies now, you don't have the luxury to hold grudge against me anymore.
Isn't this a world of wonders? Perhaps we'll settle it some other day in a different manner... Good luck to you gentlemen.
Captain, I welcome you to Beijing! We are open for all and wish to present a place of peace and rest in these times of war.
Thank you, commander Chen. Hospitality has been a scarce commodity lately.
Unfortunately it has. Word of your service reached us before you did. Make yourself at home and I hope we'll have a chance to talk more. Chen out.
We are being hailed captain. It is commander Chen again. Strange, this time he is on a secure channel.
Encrypt our transmissions and respond.
Hello again captain. I apologize for the secrecy, but this station, being so free and open, has countless ears. The truth is, we could use your help.
Help with what?
Rumor says you fight for a group trying to restore the former Gemini League. Is that so?
Gemini League? That organization hasn't been around for decades. Why do you think they are real?
I don't, but since the Directorate reemerged and factions are on each other's throats, we sure could use another resurrected organization that will stand up to them.
Let's for the sake of argument say that is true. What would you need?
Beijing station is still independent, but I fear it won't last. Ships that came from Korkyran space reported heavy fighting there. The Directorate is attempting to seize control and force Korkyran government into forming a pact with them. Should that happen, our status would be greatly threatened.
Ok, I understand, but if you don't have the power to stop that yourself, what can I do with a single ship?
You can do more than you believe. Many people in Korkyra, including some officials, reject Directorate's offer and do not want to kneel before them. You captain, have only one ship, but you carry the message of the League, the message that we can stand up to oppressors, just as we once did...
Hold on a second... I did not say I belong to that organization.
Let's not pretend anymore captain. I'm not your enemy, but I'm not your commanding officer either. I can't order you to do anything. I'm just saying, that if you were to travel to Korkyra, you would find more friends there than you expect...
Maybe. I'm not on some mission here, but poor Korkyrans do seem to crave for help. I just might travel there for purely humanitarian reasons.
My thoughts exactly and from what I've heard, many of those poor civilians in need travel through Promethean and Midas Touch.
Thank you for your concern commander Chen. I best be on my way then.
Nothing here captain. Scans show only remains of a few vessels. They were destroyed not long ago.
Any chatter on the comm frequencies?
Nothing of interest.
Very well. Set course for Midas Touch, but continue to monitor communication in the sector as we move through it.
They were after those freighters, why are they attacking us?
No matter, we did a good deed; at least they managed to escape. Now we have to deal with those hostile ships.
That's the last of them. No Directorate hostiles in the area.
Ok, proceed to The Forge.
I'm picking up six Directorate ships. They are inactive. Looks like they are damaged. If we strike now, they will be helpless.
Affirmative; we'll use this opportunity to make a name for ourselves, but keep an eye for anything suspicious. We can't exactly know whose attention we'll draw.
They lured us into a trap!
We are being intercepted by another group of ships. Civilian vessels apparently. They are arming their weapons.
Try to evade them and head back for the T-Gate.
Wait... they are engaging Directorate vessels. We are receiving their signal to continue fighting. They are on our side.
Hail to you captain. My name is Christopher Derrick and I am a former Triumvirate Judicator.
I'm honored. What are you doing here, if I may ask? On a civilian vessel without armed escort.
Same thing as you it seems. Fighting that Directorate scum and good for you I do. You fell for the oldest of tricks... a poor ship in distress. It is their tactics to draw prey to them, instead of chasing him around...
So I saw. But you didn't answer my question, judicator.
Are you deaf? I'm no judicator anymore. I'm exiled 'cause I rejected Arbiter Lehmann's decision to submit to Directorate rule and command. We were always a proud people, but now he wants to turn us into slaves without a fight. And you? What do they have against you?
They have something against the entire system, but I fight for a faction that supports revenants. We believe we'll need their help to stand against our common foe.
I'm not sure that will happen, but then again, I was sure the Directorate is in the past too... and I have no idea where they are coming from now...
I suspect they are coming from the same place revenants do, but I have no idea who is bringing them back or why...
In any case, I have no intention to bow before them! Many Korkyrans feel the same way and I intend to find them and organize a proper resistance. As for you, captain, what is your plan?
I have no strict plan. I travel and help those in need. Revenants or not, we'll need every ally we can find...
Well, you have just found one and if you seek those in need.... we are in need right now and a ship of you capabilities would aid us greatly.
I do owe you a favor, former judicator Derrick. Lead the way.
Come with us to the Hammer sector. It is about time we hit back and show them we are still here.
This outpost is our target. We need to take it out. When it is gone, the Directorate and their loyal Korkyran slaves won't be able to conduct surveillance of nearby asteroid fields. Then our resistance can gather here and plan actions.
Very well. Good luck.
Many thanks captain. My ships will remain here in the asteroid field. We'll wait for reinforcements and plan ahead. Once again, your help is appreciated and I hope we'll fight together again soon...
You are welcome. This war is far from over. There will be many battles ahead. Take care, former judicator.
Hello captain. Ever since you left for Korkyra, there was no sign of you. Demetrius is sending me to check on your progress and assist if needed. We will be waiting for you in The Forge. I hope you'll be there. Ridley out.
Well, looks like someone misses you captain...
Mind your console Mr. Doe and don't bother yourself with anything else.
Of course captain. I just thought, you know... space... loneliness.... all that pressure.
Don't push it lieutenant, unless you want to feel real pressure.
Captain, thank heavens you are here. This person here requests my immediate surrender. Together we stand a better chance...
Oh, judicator Derrick. It's good to see you again.
Captain <PlayerName>? Do you know the commander of this Archimedes?
What's this? <PlayerName> are you familiar with this brute?
Brute? Watch your tongue lady, while you still have it!
Everybody please calm down! Dr. Ridley, this “brute” is a former judicator of the Korkyran Triumvirate, Christopher Derrick and Mr. Derrick, the lady is dr. Elenor Ridley, esteemed member of Tesla science council and a good friend. We're all on the same side.
Why did you attack us?
Our struggle to keep Korkyra from falling in the hands of the Directorate is not going so well and we need every ship we can get. Your Archimedes will be a valuable addition to our fleet.
Judicator Derrick, dr. Ridley is fighting with me against Directorate and trust me, her ship will do you more good with her in command.
Is that so? I have never heard of a woman commanding a starship... is she any good?
You... I'll show you... nothing like a good demonstration...
Dr. Ridley, please restrain yourself. Judicator, the Archimedes saved me more than once already. You can trust her.
Well, I owe you captain. What do you say about a joint mission... just to prove we all have good intentions.
What did you have in mind?
We have obtained info that a large Directorate military supply convoy will be travelling through this sector soon... and if their supplies are to become our supplies... let's just say that would be of great use to us.
You want us to attack an entire military convoy? Do they have any escort?
Lady; that is military convoy, not a science expedition. Of course they have escort. I actually presume they have quite a large escort.
Now, I know you are not suicidal, so what is the rest of the plan?
I have several more ships loyal to the Korkyran resistance in the local dust cloud, but we must somehow draw the convoy inside the dust cloud. Once there, sensor interference will prevent them from seeing how few of us there are and there's the element of surprise... it should be enough.
Leave the decoy to me. I can use some of the old tricks they taught me in special operations training, but, what if they broadcast a distress signal? We can't take out the entire convoy that fast...
I have some scrambling buoys in the cargo hold. If we deploy them, all long range communications will be impossible.
Excellent, we have everything we need then. Let's proceed into the dust cloud.
I'll start deploying the buoys. You can organize the formations and prepare for battle.
She even issues orders? You really work in a strange environment.
Dr. Ridley has many talents, you'll see.
Enemy convoy is entering the sector. Whatever decoy you had in mind captain, now would be the best time.
Ok. I created multiple false distress signals using Imperial encryption. If we're lucky, they will think there is an Imperial or Directorate battle group in trouble here.
Well, if they buy it, there really will be a Directorate battle group in danger here... them!
It's working. The convoy is changing direction, and is coming this way. Standby.
Good luck to all of you and remember: those are Directorate vessels. They do not retreat!
Also, avoid destroying the freighters. They must only be disabled if we are to benefit from this.
Excellent. We'll transport the equipment now.
Well done. We have what we wanted. Now, destroy those freighters and let's get out of here.
That's it. Mission complete. Our task force is evacuating to the Fringe. I have something to show you. Please join us. We must evaluate the implications of this victory and use the newly gained initiative fast... And, dr. Ridley, I wish to apologize... despite being a woman, you fight fiercely and think clearly. It would be an honor to have you at my side in our next battle.
Thank you, judicator Derrick. I will accompany you ahead. You restore my trust in Korkyran honor which I have heard so much about.
Would you look at that. Are you really so easy to impress? It's because of the title isn't it? That “judicator”... sounds powerful?
What's wrong captain? Jealous?
Don't be ridiculous. I'm just saying that you didn't sweet talk with me after only a few hours. Matters not, we have far more important things to do here then analyzing your emotional responses.
Captain, don't be a...
...Conversation over. War will not wait for us, move out...
I'm glad you've decided to come with us captain. You have correctly recognized that at this moment our fight is your fight as well and we are thankful for your assistance. Colonial Directorate is an enemy unknown to us, but very familiar to you, so you can imagine that any advice you have is precious.
I have a feeling you'll be in a position to return the favor sooner than you expect. Tell me about this beautiful ship you are guarding.
It is the Apocalypto, the mightiest ship ever constructed for the Korkyran fleet.
She's a beauty. Where did you get her?
Our sympathizers warned us of place and time of her construction and helped us organize a hijack, but she is unfinished. We towed her here and obtained some building drones and construction blueprints, but our results are poor. It is just impossible to finish her outside a real shipyard.
So, we need a shipyard... a small task.
But achievable. Rotterdam facility would be perfect.
Rotterdam? As in Rotterdam in Heraclean Stretch? In the middle of Korkyran space? Their main fleet building complex? 
Yes, that Rotterdam. No smaller shipyard would do and if we seize control of that major installation and complete the Apocalypto afterwards... it could turn the tide of this conflict in Korkyra to our favor.
Or we could all die in a futile assault.
I'm sure the judicator has a plan. He didn't seem crazy to me so far.
Indeed I do. The freighters we sacked recently were carrying refit parts for Directorate ships in Heraclean Stretch. Their logs indicate that a large group of Directorate vessels are waiting to be upgraded near Rotterdam. They are not fully functional and present a potential flaw in their defenses, but we must strike fast. Time window for action is limited and we might never have such an opportunity again.
You plan to capture those ships?
Yes. Addition of those vessels would make assault on the shipyard itself possible.
Sounds far-fetched, but worse plans have succeeded sometimes. 
One of our ships must carry skeleton crews for those vessels. I suggest captain <PlayerName> takes that responsibility. The rest of us will engage defending ships. Only when those captured ships join our battle can we assault and board the shipyard.
Fine with me. I'm just sorry Steiger isn't here... I could use his help...
Steiger is busy elsewhere escorting the Directorate back to hell.
If there are no questions, let's proceed. I'll meet you in Heraclean Stretch.
Do not allow them to get to you, captain! Fleet; draw their fire!
And watch out for the shipyard. Do not get too close, its defenses are powerful.
We have our reinforcements. Hold on just a little more.
Great job! Attention all ships. Concentrate your attack on the smaller guardposts and its protectors.
Our mission is nearly completed. Return to Rotterdam and knock out its platforms!
Boarding is under way. Stay on alert for counterattack.
Judicator Derrick, stop your attack! How can you fire on your own comrades?
You are not my comrade anymore. Not as long as you fight for those who would sell our soul for their own interests.
Judicator! We are not here to question our leaders! Our society is based on discipline and obedience. You of all people should understand that!
No! Our absolute obedience is what made us these pathetic slaves today! We threw ourselves before the very enemy we defeated years ago!
As you wish, but this isn't over yet.
They are going for Rotterdam! I think they'll attack it!
I expected that. It is their doctrine. If they can't hold the shipyard, nobody will...
Protect the shipyard! We can't lose it now, not when we are so close!
What is this now? Why are our allies shooting at us?
That is treason of a traitor. How does it feel now? 
Hail them or anyone in Korkyran command!
No use, Mr. Zero. You played your role and you aren't needed anymore. How about that honor?
Rotterdam personnel. This is your commander. We are left alone. Our sacrifice is not needed or required. I'm surrendering the facility.
We've done it! Even I can hardly believe it! We have captured Rotterdam!
This is a glorious day for Korkyra and all of Gemini!
Broadcast to all allied vessels that we have a new stronghold. We must gather here to protect it in case the Directorate tries to recapture it. And bring the Apocalypto here as well. It is about time it is completed and used for a decent purpose! As for you, captains, you have done a great service to Korkyra this day. We do not forget our debts. Once our struggle is over, know that you have a sincere and honest ally here. For now, please accept our hospitality at our new home - the Rotterdam facility. 
Affirmative. Captain <PlayerName>; you're free for the time being. I'll inform Demetrius of the progress we've made today. I'm sure he'll be pleased. Expect someone from the League to contact you when we'll be ready for the next step. Archimedes out.
Captain, Dr. Ridley has sent word our presence is requested in Midas Touch.
Send acknowledgment lieutenant. We'll be there as soon as we can. Perhaps Derrick has more work for us.
Captain, our general analysis of the situation in Korkyra is finished and we believe the time has come to strike at the heart of the disease.
Trojan Basin?
Yes, Trojan Basin. Our intelligence and Korkyran navy officers loyal to our cause sent us info about complete breakdown in Triumvirate chain of command. The Directorate, their new masters, has ordered Korkyran fleet to defend every Directorate installation in even the farthest reaches of Korkyran space. Meanwhile, our mutiny spreads like a plague, entire flees are defecting and joining us. I was right after all, Korkyran spirit is not cracked! We'll rather perish than live as slaves. So, our job is to strike at once. Strike at the very center of corruption - the so called new government of Korkyra on battlestation Alexandria.
Data we received from other Nexus installations and scout vessels confirm that the Korkyran fleet is scattered everywhere. They are stretched thin and some units are already rejecting orders from official command. If we strike now, we'll empower the opposition greatly, perhaps even overthrow the current government.
I'm all for it. I heard rumors that the Directorate is having a hard time over in Baeldor as well. They are also becoming increasingly hostile to them. The sooner we finish our job here, the sooner we'll be able to shift our attention to Baeldor.
Make no mistake, battlestation Alexandria is not an easy target. It will be heavily defended, but momentum is on our side. After capturing Rotterdam, our forces grew both in size and confidence. We must make use of it before they regroup. I've already ordered the majority of our force to assemble in Heraclean Stretch. That will be the primary fleet. It consists of previously captured Directorate ships and they will engage Trojan Basin from there. When battle starts, primary fleet will likely draw most of the defenders from that sector on themselves. Second fleet, led by you captain, will assemble here in Midas Touch and will proceed to Trojan Basin, ultimately attacking Alexandria from the opposite direction.
What about you, commander Derrick?
I'll transfer my command to the Apocalypto and join the primary fleet. The flagship isn't fully operational, but will serve its purpose. His bare presence on the battlefield will make an effect on our enemy and when hell brakes loose, she can take a lot of beating... I mean a LOT of beating.
Fine. The plan sounds crazy enough. Shall we?
Attention all ships! You have you orders, follow them and execute your duty with honor. This day we'll show everybody how dire the price of treason is. Fight bravely and make your children proud!
Group of Korkyran defenders is patrolling the sector. They just spotted us and are preparing to engage.
Another group. Directorate this time. Oh, and more of their Korkyran dogs.
Not so fast... They seem to be targeting those Directorate vessels... Yes, they are attacking them!
I've just been contacted by leader of the Korkyran patrol fleet. Commander Sohaux was waiting for a chance to defect. Assist them!
Lieutenant Sohaux will join us in our assault on Alexandria. Let's go!
Primary fleet is caught in heavy fighting. Captain <PlayerName> attack the guardposts!
Good work captain and excellent timing. We've finally got rid of these Directorate pests. Rendezvous with me near Alexandria.
More vessels incoming!
All ships! Engage incoming fleet!
Sohaux sent me their shield command codes. I'll disengage their shields. That should help us.
They are getting away. We have to stop them!
Forget it! Alexandria is ours! We'll take care of those ships at a later time. They have nowhere to hide.
Where are they going?
They must be scared of you, Eleanor.
Eleanor? What happened to dr. Ridley, captain?
Come on... We can use first names after all we've been through together, can't we?
Sorry to interrupt your little intimate conversation, but our troops are in full control of Alexandria and we owe much of our success to both of you.
See? That is a man with manners and respect.
Don't start singing Derrick's name again, Eleanor...
Alexandria can be your host now if you need any repair or refit. My ship will stay here. Perhaps we can finally complete it.
You did good, judicator Derrick... Despite the circumstances, you've shown great leadership and cunning.
Oh, pleeease...
Thank you, dr. Ridley. You are indeed a kind and open person. When this war is over, I would like to welcome you in my home once. My wife would really enjoy your company too. The two of you are so alike...
Your wife? Oh, oh, this must hurt... right, Eleanor? Sorry, dr. Ridley...
...really? Oh well, yes, once... of course, when this is over... one day....
Is anything wrong dr. Ridley? You sound funny.
No, no, commander Derrick, it is just a way she expresses her feelings about this victory and your kindness. She is very sensitive...
I see. Well, I have things to attend to at our new battlestation. We must reconstruct a possible destination of that ship that fled the station. According to station logs he was transporting the very crème of corrupt Korkyran leaders.  I'll leave you for now. I'll contact you when I find out more. Derrick out.
Good news captain. Our victory in Trojan Basin has proved to be a crucial turn-point, at least for Korkyra. The fact that our resistance was capable of direct assault on a heavily armed battle center and be victorious, freed our sympathizers everywhere and they have staged multiple offensives against crippled the Directorate. Now, we have confirmed reports of Directorate pullout from Korkyran space.
Congratulations, judicator Derrick. Perhaps you won't be former for long now...
There are some changes in that matter as well. Resistance leaders titled me as the new transitional Arbiter of the Triumvirate. Our official government has fled and they believe I'm the best person to lead them until the war is over.
Well, I agree. You are more than qualified for the task, no matter how hard it may get...
I hope so. Now, another good thing about my new position is greater power and influence. Perhaps now I'm in a position to return that favor to you and your League... Remember our distinguished Korkyran officials? The ones that fled like rats from their doomed battlestation?
Yes. Do you have anything on them?
A lot actually. Our recon confirmed their arrival on Freiburg station in Red Mist. There they have met with a few remaining Korkyran vessels loyal to them and a large Directorate fleet that has amassed there after withdrawal from Korkyra.
Freiburg? I have been waiting for a chance to go back there... Gemini League has a score to settle there.
Interesting, that is exactly what general Demetrius said.
You know Demetrius?
He recently contacted me, in fact. Word of victory at Alexandria reached him and his agents tracked our former Arbiter as well.
I can only guess how eager he is to meet Stern once again...
Stern, yes, he mentioned that name also and with some anger in his voice. Anyway, he wants to meet you and dr. Ridley in The Pin sector as soon as you can.
Oh I won't miss this for the world. Let's go...
Well well. Isn't that the hero of Korkyra? I've heard some amazing stories about your achievements.
You want to grab all the glory for yourself? Don't forget I'm still here...
Nothing worth mentioning. Arbiter Derrick did all the work...
Strange, he said the same thing about you and dr. Ridley. Whatever the case, the two of you are a winning combination.
Me and Mr. Destruction? My methods are much more sophisticated, but captain's approach has its benefits sometimes. Just sometimes.
General, what is the current status of the League in other parts of Gemini and what is our next target?
Directorate gave up conquest of Korkyra for now. Fight in Baeldor is intensifying because we have Figueroa doing there the same thing you did in Korkyra. Now, Nyx presents a problem. They are firmly allied to the Directorate and have built a substantial fleet of their own. But, friends; none of this is our current problem. Today, it's payback time. Stern and Freiburg will not laugh at us any longer. We'll drive them out of hiding and let them taste their own medicine.
I was hoping to hear that...
Oh yeees. Revenge is a dish best served cold. Plates of my ship are trembling with excitement, I can feel it...
Hold your horses, gentlemen. Freiburg won't be a piece of cake and Stern is no fool. Our scouts observed large upgrades around the station. It is probably far tougher than it was in our last assault. And Stern has more allies now. So far, we have picked up a Nyxian expeditionary force, a Directorate defense fleet and Korkyran honor escort there. That is a lot of opposition...
It will just be harder to miss. 
You should have called Steiger here. He would like these odds.
We are not without friends. Last time, they had the element of surprise, but now we know what we are up against. I took the liberty of asking new Korkyran Arbiter for help. He was more than happy to come to our aid.
Derrick is an honorable man and a wise leader. If he thinks it is wise to put faith in friendship with us, it is a promising sign for the future.
Let us proceed with a detailed plan. Arbiter Derrick's battle group is already fighting its way through the occupied Forge sector. Hopefully, his movement will draw some of the Freiburg's defenders and allow our swift strike from The Pin sector. Once we meet in Red Mist, we'll regroup and split in two different formations. Archimedes, Apocalypto and <PlayerShip> will be carrying strong EMP charges. They must transport those charges onboard the guardposts surrounding Freiburg. That'll practically disable the station. Any questions?
Why don't I have that EMP thing?
Because we need your peaceful personality in a dogfight against the defending ships.
I'm clear with the plan. Let's show Stern what Hell really looks like!
They were waiting for us. Give them hell!
Excellent, now let's make our way to Freiburg. Captain, disable the guardposts and then transport the EMP charges.
All ships: show Stern what we're made of!
Is that you, Demetrius... with your dreams and idle wishes?
Sigmund Stern... my dreams can at least comfort me. What about you? What is your comfort? What do you fight for?
You have no idea, Demetrius! Your failure was predicted a long time ago. This is all just part of a plan devised years ago and you play it just the way we want...
Go ahead and talk Stern, there is nothing else you can do now and soon I'll be there to finish with you!
That's it! The charges have been set!
I'm terribly sorry I can't stay any longer, but you were good company...
No, not again! He can't slip away again! Does anybody have any idea?
I do. I think I can lock on and disrupt his cloaking field.
Do it. Whatever the cost, do it!
Finally. That pathetic excuse of a man had it coming. Justice has been served.
I'm glad we won't be seeing him anymore...
This victory is for new friends. Gemini League can always count on their Korkyran brothers. Apocalypto is leaving for the homeworld now. Thank you all again. It was an honor to fight beside you. Godspeed.
I guess the hard part here is done. Damocles will transport a detachment of soldiers to the station. We'll try to retrieve some useful information from their computers. Perhaps we even try to salvage the station itself. Great job captain.
Incoming transmission from Carlos Figueroa. Standby while I decode it...
Captain, I was informed of your success in Korkyra. I sure hope you can repeat it once again. My work with Baeldor opposition is in grave danger. Our center of operations in The Wake, Richthoffen station, has been discovered and they are coming to wipe us out. My ability to do anything is equal to zero, because of a massive blockade by enemies. We can only sit and wait for their war machine to arrive. Captain Steiger has more data. Please contact him and find a way to assist us.
So, Figueroa is pinned down. Mr. Doe, contact captain Steiger. We must see what he knows.
Hello, captain. I was expecting you. You are familiar with Figueroa's situation then?
I just received his communication. What kind of a blockade is he talking about?
Complete, I'm afraid. Richthoffen is surrounded with battle platforms. They placed those themselves, but Directorate infiltrators successfully stole command codes and activated them against the station. Now, they are hostages of their own equipment, while the enemy fleet approaches.
Where is the fleet now?
It should be entering the Wake soon. Exact size is still unknown. I was just thinking of dealing with them myself when you hailed me.
How many ships do we have?
Well, not many. You, me and the Archimedes, but that should do it.
Three ships against a fleet? Unless the fleet is made of toys, it doesn't sound promising.
Come on. We'll have dr. Ridley. She's smart. She'll think of something impossible to match.
You know, Steiger, if you've entered every battle like this, it is a miracle you are still here.
Move out, captain. More work, less talk. Meet me in the Wake.
You just can't do anything without me can you?
Actually, we just enjoy your company, so we are dragging you around for mere satisfaction.
Right. You brag about you toughness, but when a situation requires brain and not just brawn, you are like babies. Well, I'll save you once again.
Is she insulting us? She wasn't like that before. You two spend too much time together and I don't like her attitude any longer.
What's wrong Steiger? When did you become so sensitive? ... Ok, people, we have work to do. Since we are obviously outnumbered, we'll have to be smarter. My cargo hold is full of special mines, created on Tesla just for this kind of situation. Once deployed, they will be in a stasis field, rendering them invisible and undetectable. Then, we'll hide inside the asteroid field and wait for the fleet to pass. After that, I'll activate mines.
And how are we going to force them back into the mine field? Somehow I doubt they would be scared of three ships... They will be scared of me, but I am only one...
They don't have to know how many of us there are. Figueroa placed several buoys in the local asteroid field as an early warning system. Captain <PlayerName> has much experience in spy affairs. He can rig the buoys to create fake signals. If we're lucky, the attackers will think we have an entire fleet hidden inside the asteroid field.
It might work, but just maybe... 
Ok, get to work. Tweak those buoys while I place the mines. We'll meet inside the asteroid field.
This buoy is done captain. I've synchronized it to reflect our own signal.
Done. They'll have several Freimanns to worry about.
Buoy synchronized to add some ships to our imaginary fleet.
Well done, lieutenant. Let's get back to our real fleet.
That's it. Now we must wait. The fleet is entering the sector.
Now gentleman, I'll activate mines and buoys. Strike them as hard as you can and drive them back!
Your little trick seems to be working. They are retreating.
Push forward, but keep your distance. They are almost in the mine field.
Dr. Ridley, congratulations. This was a great trick. You still amaze me...
I still prefer the old fashioned way... this feels like cheating...
Thank god it worked. Your fake signal was apparently very convincing. We must destroy those platforms around Richthoffen.
I saw your little plan back there. Quite bold I must say... your reputation of man that never backs down is not overrated...
It was dr. Ridley's scheme. I just tagged along.
Matters not. Dr. Ridley is already a living legend, but not many people have the courage or madness to follow her.
Excellent. That was the last of them. Only a few hours ago, I really thought it was all over... Thank you.
What's the situation in the Republic? Will the resistance hold?
After today, I believe our stocks are higher. We just need to hold on for a little while longer. Your victory at Freiburg started to unfold an incredible plot that concerns all of Gemini. Something tells me this war will turn in a very different direction soon.
What do you mean?
Looks like surviving Directorate officials formed a secret group twenty years ago. When they became aware the war is lost, they launched a backup plan... They will divide Gemini into factions and infiltrate the highest ranks of each new state. That way, they can ensure that Gemini remains divided and as weak as possible...
But why?
Who knows? Maybe the Empire plans to return somehow? Maybe their attempt to ally factions with reemerged Directorate is aimed at creating another unified super-state under their control... We don't know that for sure, but what we do know is that the entire scheme is not for the benefit of the people of Gemini.
As long as I'm alive, I'll fight them. I see I was wrong in believing them to be gone and their ideas dead. It seems now that Starpoint incident only postponed the final battle.
Great, I'm ready. The sooner they come, the better. In fact, why wouldn't I search for them myself? That's it! I'm going on a little hunting expedition. Gentlemen, if you need me, just search for the largest group of Directorate ships nearby...
Steiger, wait...
Let him go. No use. Steiger always had his own war and his way of doing things. He'll be back when needed.
Come now, dock on Richthoffen and rest awhile. You deserve it...
Receiving transmission from the Damocles. Opening channel.
Greetings captain. First of all, I congratulate you on saving Richthoffen. Loss of that station would surely mean the failure of our Baeldor efforts altogether. This way, we still have a chance to repeat the scenario we saw in Korkyra. However, battle against Baeldor is proving to be much more difficult than expected.  The Republic is more unified and opposition to the Directorate is rather small and benign. Their sectors are under tight lockdown. So, infiltration and inside work is almost impossible.
Then what? League still doesn't have a fighting fleet of adequate size to perform a direct assault.
True. We'll use brain. Our enemies have tons of weapons, but so far have shown a lack of strategy and military thinking.
Why would they think? They can rely on pure numbers...
Numbers gave them no advantage in previous battles. Your friend, the New Arbiter sent us word that the Forge sector is now fully under his control. He defeated his enemy despite the odds. Captain, if we play this smart, countless Baeldor ships will only give them false sense of security.
I'm guessing dr. Ridley has something to do with you new strategy?
She does. That woman is truly an endless fountain of ideas... you could learn a thing or two from her...
What did she come up with this time?
We must break into Baeldor space by any means necessary. Figueroa made a list of possible weak points inside Baeldor structure. Dr. Ridley and myself have indentified one point we believe is the weakest, Cloud Nine sector.
Cloud Nine? Isn't that a major civilian industrial area, full of extraction plants for raw material of local nebulas? What target of interest can we strike there?
It is a time of war. Economy and industry are close companions of war. If we disrupt them, we disrupt the very base for continuing the war. But, this time, our goal is to capture several Baeldor freightliners used to carry raw materials.
That's an old trick. You think they'll buy it?
Maybe. Dr. Ridley made some modifications to the plan to make it more believable. First nobody can know what happened. That is primary. If Baeldor even suspects their ships were hijacked, they will conduct detailed search of every single civilian ship entering main Republic space. Archimedes found a way to ignite a nebula and make it look like it was a natural phenomenon. When that reaction is started, your job is to run into the nebula right to the Marco Polo freightliner depot. Drag at least three ships outside the nebula to the position where Ridley will be waiting.
Drag them? Why not capture them inside?
Transport will be impossible inside the nebula, especially when it's ignited. Captain, head to Cloud Nine and rendezvous with dr. Ridley, she'll know the details. Good luck.
What took you so long?! Hurry up, help me shake them off. I'm busy scrambling their communications.
They ambushed me the moment I came in and I had to prevent them from hailing anybody or the mission would be over already.
Well, I'm here now. What's the plan, general said you'll know the details.
Crews that will operate hijacked freightliners are on my ship, so I'll wait for you here once you grab the ships. There will be no other way to do this but using old fashion grappling beam. When I ignite the nebula the resulting effect will likely damage everything inside, but your time will be limited. Focus on the freighters. Leave everything else alone. Oh and keep in mind that the effect can damage you as well.
What if I encounter opposition inside the nebula?
Leave the opposition to me. They will be crippled, and I can handle them on my own.
Ah, Dmitry, you came. I was afraid you wouldn't make it.
And miss target practice? If they'll be sitting ducks, I think I'll enjoy it very much.
Ok, I'm ready to start the lightshow. You all know what to do...
Go, I'll stay here to scramble any communication from the nebula. Captain Kuzhev, provide escort and engage any hostiles inside. It is imperative that no one leaves this place.
I'm going for the freighters.
At the depot, search for ships named Capetown, Mississauga and Boston. Figueroa supplied us with security protocols for those vessels, so only they can be of use to us.
Great work. Now, go inside and help Kuzhev level everything. It must look like some anomaly did everything.
Watch out, Nyxian patrol is following me. They must be destroyed. Don't let them leave the sector.
We've done it. I'm sure Baeldor will soon dispatch a team to investigate, but all they'll find is a natural phenomenon...
Not quite, dr. Ridley. We saw everything. Your plan was indeed brilliant and it could actually work if we hadn't been here all the time...
Well, you won't be here for long...
Stop, don't attack them. George, what do you want?
George? You know this guy?
He went to Nexus third level science university with me. George, since when do you work with Baeldor?
You know I was always pragmatic. I work for those who pay the most... Something must be done if I'm to “lose” my report of this little incident.
How much do you want?
Those mines you used in the Wake? I sure could use a few of them. Such special piece of technology could earn me a lot of money in the future.
I can't believe it. From a promising scientific mind, to a petty criminal... As you wish, I'm transporting mines to your ship...
Thank you Elenor. It was a pleasure doing business with you again. We're going now. I'm sure you can pull your friend out of stasis rift yourself. Bye.
Whoooa, what was that?
Oh, I forgot to tell George that those stasis mines, well, they tend to get very unstable once you take them in another stasis rift... like a cloaking field...
You are truly one remarkable woman, Ridley. I'm not sure whether to like you or fear you... What about Dmitry?
Oh yes...
What, where are they?! I hate scientists!
Calm down. The situation has been defused. We must leave this place...
Mission is complete. It was nice working with you. I'm going back to Richthoffen to update general Demetrius. We'll be in touch.
Captain Figueroa is hailing us, captain. Shall I patch him through?
Affirmative lieutenant. We have our differences, but we're on the same side now. Let's hear what he has to say.
Ah, hello captain. I have some urgent information. I wasn't able to get in touch with general Demetrius and this is an opportunity we simply must seize. My sources have confirmed that a vast Baeldor attack fleet lies dormant in the Arch. It is currently unmanned and vulnerable! 
How is that possible?
The Arch is Baeldor main staging area for their war efforts in Junction. It is mainly a repair and refit area. Battle for strategically important Junction has been the longest and bloodiest in the entire war. Neither side managed to gain the upper hand so Baeldor organized a logistics base inside the Arch to reinforce reinforcements.
I gather that sector has a substantial defense force then?
Yes and no. That's the catch. Korkyra has launched another assault from The Forge. Since their main fleet is undergoing extensive repair and reorganization, Baeldor had no other choice but to dispatch Arch defense force to meet the attack.
Hence leaving the Arch open to attack!
Imagine! Baeldor fleet out of the picture... Derrick would surely conquer Junction and this war could be shifted in our favor.
Listen to me! This really can't wait for the general, we must act now. Meet me in the Arch sector as soon as you can. I'll take responsibility for this incursion.
On my way. Of all the other ships, only the Archimedes is available and she is on her way as well.
Good, we're all here.
I wouldn't miss it. Especially since you are in command of this operation. Someone has to watch your back. I suppose you have carefully examined the plan?
I have. I believe this is a chance to inflict serious losses to Baeldor in one strike. If there is even the slightest window of opportunity to break status quo in Junction, we must go for it!
I agree. It is just... I have a bad feeling about this. Don't you remember that every mission we think is an easy grab turns out to be a disaster?
I understand your hesitation, but look at this the other way! If Figueroa's intel is correct, we'll seriously cut the war shorter...
Maybe you're right. Let's give it a shot.
Tell me the situation Figueroa.
We have confirmed fifteen inactive vessels in the sector. Some are damaged, some are not. They are guarded by defense platforms and a small squadron patrolling the sector.
Ok then. Follow my lead. We'll attack the defense squad first, then proceed to the defense platform and finally, lay destruction to the dormant fleet.
The defenders are history. We can turn to the platforms now. I suggest we make this fast. Those ships have sent a distress signal. We can expect guests soon.
I knew it. It was just too easy! Too easy! Now what do we do?
How did they come so fast? There is no chance we'll finish this favorably! Try to evade them and head for the T-gate!
No! There are too many of them. We probably won't make it. Let's at least try to finish our mission here!
This is no time to play the hero, Ridley!
I'm not a hero, but I don't want to die fleeing. My team can make a surprise for them. I just need time to prepare. Cover me!
We can't work like this. We'll finish our preparations cloaked. Standby to transport me and my crew once we are back and, captain, try to stay alive that long...
You heard the lady! Transfer power to shields and evade as much damage as you can. We must buy her some time!
We are ready. Captain, now would be a good time for that extraction.
Figueroa, cover me, I'm going to get Ridley!
Transport complete. We have them!
If my guess about what you did is right, we should put some distance now, right?
Oh yes. Run for your life!
Heard that Figueroa? Pull back now!
Now that's what I call a bomb!
Spectacular! But the Archimedes...
Archimedes was a fine ship. The best I have ever commanded and if she had to be sacrificed, at least she had a farewell she deserved...
Their fleet is gone. Who would have thought? The deadliest blow to Baeldor war fleet was delivered by a simple science vessel.
There was nothing simple about the Archimedes. You think it was possible to create such destruction out of something simple? Show some respect, Mr. Figueroa!
General Demetrius is sending transmission over relays.
Can someone explain what is going on?
We were informed there is a target of opportunity in this sector. Based on that intel, I organized and led the strike.
That is correct. We have destroyed an entire Baeldor fleet stationed here getting ready for Junction.
Dr. Ridley? Why aren't you onboard your ship? Where's the Archimedes?
She's ...everywhere sir...
Oh, I see...Well, I hope she took many of them with her...
That she did, general...
Both of you are to be commended. I have no idea what you were thinking when you planned this, but this gave us the momentum we needed. Good work. That said, bear in mind that this is the last time you conduct suicide missions without my knowledge. Understood?
Of course, but don't order me around general. Just because you look older than me...
I'm not ordering you. You have been through a lot with me. Gemini needs people like you. Don't put yourself in harm's way foolishly.
Sorry to interrupt captain, but Arbiter Derrick is hailing us as well.
Patch him through.
Do you have something to tell me? We are just observing Baeldor ships abandoning Junction completely. After months of battles, they are just leaving like that?
Sufficient to say, their forces suffered a setback in the Arch. They are probably withdrawing to avoid being cut off.
Whatever you did, you have my thanks. We are bringing ships and equipment to fortify our presence. Derrick out.
Derrick seized the Junction? Your attack is already paying off. Very good. Now, I suggest you travel to Observatory and meet on with me on Tesla. Captain Kuzhev has some new development to inform us.
It has been awhile captain. I'm glad you are still in one piece, after all the stories about your endeavors.
Don't worry about me. I'm a tough nut to crack. If I survived dr. Ridley's experiments, I can survive anything.
Don't judge dr. Ridley too harshly. We are scientists after all. Our methods are rarely conventional, but they work and just because of those unconventional methods I am here today. And don't worry; we here at Tesla organized a little surprise for Dr. Ridley. She'll be back in command sooner than you think.
A surprise? Scientists are organizing a surprise? That can't be good.
Maybe they'll blow the system up... you know, to show that your Archimedes bomb wasn't the biggest...
Don't underestimate us. We have a degree of good social behavior, but all in good time. Now to serious things. Our team is nearly finished modifying your Baeldor freightliners. The rest of the equipment we require is on its way, courtesy of captain Kuzhev.
Yes, I pulled some strings among my former Nyxian associates and voila... there is nothing you can't buy from those people. The problem is bringing those supplies to Gilgamesh, where our freightliners are being tweaked.
That's where you come in captain <PlayerName>. We can't use cargo ships this time. Nyxian patrols are searching those and in case of trouble, they can't escape fast enough. Instead, three fast patrol ships: Trident, Dubai and Fellows will be carrying our merchandise. You will be tasked with supervision of their travel. Don't travel alongside them. That would draw unnecessary attention to them, but be positioned on several strategic spots from which you can respond if necessary.
Will there be any reinforcements available?
Not this time. Great part of this journey takes place inside Nyxian space. We do not want to provoke them with large presence. Try to be as invisible as possible...
All three patrols ships are starting in the Quick Buck sector. That is your first stop. Then proceed to Zephyr to make sure everything goes smoothly. Last stop is Observatory.
Very well. It was about time we poke the Nyxians a bit.
Really? You don't trust scientists; now you don't trust merchants... distrust seems to be your general pattern of behavior. 
What is this?
This is your new ship. We call it Archimedes Two, but feel free to name it as you wish...
She's beautiful. Where did you get it?
After a good experience with her predecessor, we designed its next generation. Your new friend, Arbiter Derrick, offered the Rotterdam's drydock to finish it faster. Since you sacrificed your ship for our benefit, I can't think of a better person to command this technological jewel than you. I hope you enjoy it.
I can't believe it. A new ship... Thank you very much. I'll put her to good use.
Just try not to blow this one to pieces.
Archimedes Two is equipped with state of the art technology. Take it to a test flight to familiarize with it.
Well, don't mind if I do...
Dr. Scott, this was a beautiful gesture. I'm impressed.
I'm sure you are. Try to keep her out of the harm's way, general. That was one expensive vessel.
I can't make any promises. We are at war after all. Besides, troubles are naturally drawn to dr. Ridley without any help. Now, captain <PlayerName>, you think you can get to work finally? Our equipment in Quick Buck won't deliver itself...
I'm as good as gone...
Welcome, captain. We must use communication as less as possible. We were scanned several times. I believe Nyxians are suspecting something, but they haven't acted so far. 
I suggest you divide into groups. One goes through Zephyr, the second through Palomar. You'll be harder to track. I'll watch over you.
Agreed. Dubai and I will head through Zephyr. Fellows will take the secondary route. Let's go.
We've been intercepted by some rogues. Dubai is heavily damaged. It will take hours to repair it.
That's not an option. Transport Dubai crew to your ship. I'll take the cargo and we'll continue the mission.
We have the crew. Kings Ransom is our next stop.
Agreed. I'll dispose of Dubai. We can't risk anybody nosing around.
Unidentified vessels. Cut your engines and release you cargo. You are transporting illegal devices. Comply!
Any ideas, captain? My ship can't fight them.
This is the plan. Captain Kurosawa, I'll engage the patrol. You slip away as fast as you possibly can. Meanwhile, Mr. Doe, plot our escape route. We are in the middle of Consortium space. Once we attack their patrol, we'll have to leave in a heartbeat.
Trident is out of the sector and our escape route is ready.
Engage, full speed!
They can't detect us, unless they get very close. If we leave the dust cloud undetected, we'll be home free.
We are out of the dust cloud. Nyxian patrol is still searching the cloud.
Hurry, set course for the next sector.
They have the Trident.
Hail the Nyxian command ship.
What do you want? Don't bother us. We just apprehended a smuggler.
I see. But there is a problem. You see, that should be my prisoner!
Really? And why is that?
I've been tracking him since Quick Buck. He stole my property and I want compensation!
I knew he was a thief. Well, in any case, he is under Nyxian jurisdiction now. You can make your claim after we are done with him.
Hm, I'm afraid that would be too late. I have a strict deadline to deliver the items he stole from me. Come on, commander, can't we make some deal here? I don't want to lose so much money.
I can't help you.
Bah, other Ramsey had so much more sense for business...
What other Ramsey? You've met my brother Nick?
Yes, Nick was his name. He caught Trident earlier, but we had a nice conversation... I relieved him of unnecessary paperwork and he got a little something for his extended vacation.
Is that so? I'm no greater fool than my brother. Arresting a smuggler does mean a lot of paperwork... What did you have in mind?
My friends from certain organizations arranged several newly refitted ships, to be “abandoned” inside a dust cloud in Kingsway. Your brother is just inspecting them, but I'm sure he can't tow all of them...
Well well; look at that. My tactical officer confirms that my brothers really entered Kingsway dust cloud recently... and he didn't even try to contact me, that greedy fool. I'll have a talk with him...
You should. Family is a family.
Take your thief. Do with him as you wish, I have a family matter to deal with...
That was one dangerous game captain.
What should I have done? Attack them all? We are free, that is all that matters. Let's get out of here.
Thank you for your assistance captain. We are in friendly space now. Fellows is already there. I'll take your part of the cargo and leave.
How are you captain? I hope you are up for one heroic day.
For that, I'm always ready. Is your plan prepared?
The plan is as ready as it will ever be. You are well aware of the odds in this battle. There will be no hiding. Baeldor is not naive and it surely won't leave us any room for mistakes.
I know the situation. The Republic and the Directorate expect our attack. There will be no element of a surprise. We don't have the capacity to fight a long war, so we must strike at the very heart of the dragon and that heart will be well protected...
Good that I don't have to explain anything to you at least. You have seen all of this already. Knowing all of these facts, our strategy is based on limiting our enemies' possibility to utilize their advantage in numbers. The freightliners you have snatched earlier in Cloud Nine have gone through extensive modifications. One of them will serve as a sub-molecular explosive device, while others have a more subtle role.
What do you intend to blow up this time?
With any luck, half of their fleet, but the device is created on Tesla and you know how unpredictable they can get... Captain, travel to The Fate. League fleet and the fleets of our allies are meeting there in a dust cloud and we'll discuss everything in more details there.
Welcome to the party captain. It wouldn't be the same without you...
Thank you. It is good to see you again. I hope your new ship has something interesting to demonstrate...
Oh yes, Archimedes Two has many surprises. More than I had hoped.
Yes yes, what is this? A social gathering? I was told there will be Directorate dogs to hunt down. Can we proceed to the fun part?
Aye to that idea. Let's find someone to fire at first and we can share stories later.
Nice to see so many eager men here. I'll share the plan of attack with you now. Our fleet will enter the main Baeldor sector, Monarch, together. As soon as we arrive, battleships will engage their defense forces. That will make it possible for our freighters to make their move. They are crucial to the success of the mission, so don't fail. Once they are in position, our entire fleet will be thrown into stasis. I'll let dr. Scott explain this part. He was, after all, the brain of this operation. Dr. Scott...
Thank you. I'll try to be brief. One of the freightliners has been transformed to a giant sub-molecular separator, a highly destructive device that can penetrate almost all known shields and spread demolition in a vast area. That freightliner is on completely automated flight, so it won't be necessary to rescue its crew before it detonates. The other two freighters carry equipment to create controlled stasis field on a massive scale. That field is calibrated to match our ships shield frequency, so rift will affect friendly vessels alone. We must time everything perfectly or the detonation will wipe us out as well. After explosion and after we are back from the stasis field, those two freightliners will get close to the main battlestation, Waterloo and try to push it too into stasis rift for awhile. Keep in mind that freightliners work only as a pair. One has all the stasis emitters, while the other serves as a power source and stabilizer for variations in subspace fluctuations.
Oh, please. I'm having a headache. I don't care how any of it works, just switch them on if it can help us or if they can't, let's go ahead without them...
Brute... You have no appreciation for a well conceived strategy...
Ok, ok. Thank you dr. Scott. They know the basics. You'll be with us to control the rest. Now, are there any questions?
Can I lead the attack instead? When I'm behind, I always miss the fun part.
No, captain Steiger. Freighters are the key. Once our enemy recognizes that, we'll need our best man for convoy protection in the right place.
Bah, as you wish. But I'm not happy.
I have another question. Why was it so important to obtain Baeldor cargo ships for this mission? Wouldn't any freighter do?
Let me answer that. No. Different freighters would be of no use. Baeldor was the only one that supplied his freightliners with parts of stasis technology. We still do not know why, but the fact is that their freighters were already ready to support our advanced equipment for this mission. You see, the ships construction and its power distribution system, including special conduit compensators...
...Thank you once again, dr. Scott. I guess we are ready to roll. Attention, League fleet. You have your orders. Go now, fight with honor and take what was always yours - freedom!
Oh, sweet mother... There are so many of them... I feel like crying and I must stay behind... It is not fair!
Pick your targets gentlemen. We must give freighters time to deploy.
Relativity to Fleet. Standby for stasis field. Keep us safe while we initiate everything.
Now! Stop your vessels. Prepare the sub-molecular detonation! Powering stasis emitters... Deploying.
Success. You can proceed with you attack. We'll move the remaining freighters closer to Waterloo.
We have some reported crew losses. They didn't make it through the sudden rift exposure.
We'll mourn them later. Focus on you targets, we still have work to do!
General, please advise your ships to leave disabled ships alone. They pose no threat anymore.
Agreed. We are not butchers. Concentrate you fire on Waterloo's defenses.
Be advised! Baeldor auxiliary fleet is entering the sector.
Dr. Scott, if you really can do something about that station, I would appreciate if you do it now!
In a moment. We are recharging emitters. Almost... Done.
Great work, doctor! Let us engage the newcomers now!
Finally off the chain! Here I am!
I'm afraid I have some bad news. The freighters are overloaded. They won't last long...
That is all from my help people. You are on your own now.
All ships, attack Waterloo's defenses. Fire at will!
That is what happens when you trust intellectuals. I put faith only in my cannon!
That is what I call a battle! Can't you just feel pride overwhelming you?
I feel high on adrenaline! I want more! I need more!
Slow down Steiger. We have won this battle, but the war isn't over.
No it isn't, but with Korkyra and Baeldor out of the picture and the Directorate seriously crippled, I think the end is very close...
I hope so. But, something tells me we still have a few things more to discover...
We'll think about it tomorrow. We have earned a right to celebrate today. Enjoy the sweet taste of victory. 
Ah, I've reached you, good. I suppose I won't be telling you anything new, if I say that Gemini League has no other choice but to strike at the Consortium now.
It would be the only logical course of action. They are the only remaining Directorate ally in the system, but they are also the most secretive faction. What do you have in mind?
This time, we cannot count on internal opposition. Consortium is a highly organized machine. They are led by profit and interest and alliance with the Directorate was and still is lucrative for them. In fact, should the Directorate succeed to restore their rule, Nyx would benefit even more. So, it is clear we won't find many friends in their ranks. The only way we have left is direct confrontation.
What about Nyx fleet? Can we match them?
To be honest, we don't know. Captain Kuzhev was the only one who delivered any useful information about it so far and even from that all we learned was that Nyx is increasing their ship production. In addition to that, Consortium always had a great support among different rogue and mercenary groups. 
So, to make the long story short, they have a respectable force in their hands...
Yes, they do. I'm not afraid of their numbers. We just need to pick the right place and time for the initial strike.
Captain, we are receiving emergency distress signal from Observatory. I'm patching it through!
To anyone in League command! Respond! Tesla station is under heavy attack by Nyxian ships! Please assist!
It seems the Consortium has already picked the right place and time for that strike.
I'm not surprised unfortunately. Hurry, we must aid them!
Captain, transport some troops on the station! I can't reach anyone there and the station has already been boarded!
Confirmed, the station has been boarded. But the attackers already left. We have many casualties here, many killed scientists... but... nothing seems to be missing according to the quartermasters manifest.
That is not entirely true... something IS missing. It seems Nyxians came for a specific device. A thing we call “stasis annihilator”. It is...
...it is a third generation stasis technology. The one you have specifically told me is not under development any more.
Dr. Ridley, other factions have reached our level of stasis research. We had to continue work on banned projects just to keep our advantage...
Very nice... well, how far did you get with it?
Stasis annihilator was entirely completed. All that was left is to test is somewhere.
And now, Nyxians will conduct those tests for you...live...!
Excuse me, but why are you panicking? What is so terrible about this Annihilator?
In theory, it can reconnect and resynchronize the subspace layers at almost one hundred percent level. Also, it powers itself by draining sub-molecular structure or all nearby matter, regardless in which subspace layer that matter exists...
What?! In English please Ridley!
Let me, I already have some experience with their simple military language... The Annihilator has almost infinite source of power. That and its design allow it to open or close even the greatest of stasis rifts. Delta class anomalies are included... and there is only one Delta class stasis anomaly in Gemini. Nyx now has a device that can theoretically free Starpoint...
Dear God... They can reopen the wormhole to the Empire!
That would be a reasonable conclusion, I'm afraid...
It is not over yet! Consortium needs time to deploy the device and assemble a team to operate it. We must find where they took the Annihilator!
You were busy talking about your great device, but I just wanted to update you that our away team deactivated Tesla's self-destruct system... if you are interested in such petty matters...
Great, great... what about the attackers? Have you found anything on them?
Only that they are Nyxians... I'm trying to access Tesla's database... they searched data about Starpoint...
Just as I was afraid... I'll try to scan for their ship trails...
Dr. Scott, return to station and try to bring it back to operational status. I'm officially placing Tesla under League jurisdiction. Maybe you can find some more clues about Nyx intentions.
Got something... Several engine signatures. They lead in two directions. One to Mainstream and the other to the Cross sector.
Excellent. Captain, you head to the Cross sector. I'll investigate Mainstream and captain, feel free to engage Nyxian ships. We are now in open conflict.
We meet again captain... You've fooled me last time, so you understand if I'm a little angry.
Commander Ramsey! You are done searching for treasure with your brother? Did you find anything interesting?
Nothing worth mentioning, but you knew that. However, your ship will be adequate compensation for my lost time.
You must catch me first...
I'll start scanning the sector.
General Demetrius is hailing us.
Captain, you must return to Tesla urgently! They are under massive assault!
I heard that. Those Nyxians aren't joking around. Let's go! We'll return later to finish our search.
This is not good... Tesla station is heavily damaged. I'm also detecting the remains of the Relativity.
Dr. Scott! Respond! Anyone at Tesla station! What is your status?
No response. It is either a communications array malfunction or there is nobody left...
The Centauri has cloaked. We can't find him.
So, you are the worm that caused us so many problems? I'm happy to see you here, so I can be the one to dispose of you!
Pay no attention to that fool, he's been barking for awhile. General apparently thinks high of me, since I'm the only one here to defend Tesla...
We'll do what we can, but this doesn't bode well.
Shall we attempt to retake the station?
No use, we are heavily outnumbered. Let's try to thin their numbers a bit...
Ok, I can dispose of one fleet, but two or three? Come on, I'm good, but I have only two hands...
This is futile, where are our reinforcements?
Captain, general just sent word to abandon Tesla. League fleet has been engaged in Mainstream. They can't help us!
Ok people; we are leaving for Mainstream. Break through and join our fleet there. Tesla is doomed...
What about Scott? We can't leave him behind!
We don't even know if he is alive! If Nyxians captured him we'll try to trade something for him later, but we must leave now or we'll never leave!
There you are. We can proceed with the escape now...
Escape? Where's our fleet?
The fleet was here a minute ago. Now, as you see, I'm the fleet here along with this debris all around.
Fleet is destroyed?
No idea. Demetrius issued general retreat to Last Ditch. I volunteered to wait for you. Comm-systems are jammed and he couldn't inform you...
I knew there is something about you, captain Kuzhev. You always seemed like someone who can appreciate a good battle.
Let's move out while we are still in one piece...
I was afraid you wouldn't make it. Nyx is hitting hard this time. They gathered every ship they can find. Our installations are under attack in almost every sector. We tried to contact Figueroa and our Baeldor allies, but we can't get through. We've dispatched a small vessel equipped with stasis cloak to travel to Baeldor. All we can do is wait. Please captain, dock on Gilgamesh and make whatever preparations you need. Nyx fleet will hit us at any moment...
I don't get it. Nyxian strategy was never all out war. Why such an aggressive approach this time?
I suspect this was a preemptive strike to ensure nobody disrupts their operation near Starpoint and they are succeeding. We are stuck here while they can do whatever they want...
I'm giving you one last chance to surrender your ships and station. Forget your pathetic League. Soon it won't be important what faction you belong to anyway... Why don't you ease your suffering and lay down your weapons? I appreciate your courage and resolve, but it is over now...
I've heard that many times in the past, but I'm still here and I plan to be here tomorrow as well. The question is do you want to be here tomorrow, commander?
They warned me of your stubbornness... Destroy that station and get me a piece of the Damocles!
Just in time! Do you perhaps need some help?
I don't. As for the rest, I don't know.
Good to see you, Figueroa and seeing your fleet is even better!
I was told you were in some trouble, but I didn't expect this. Someone really doesn't like your League.
We have repelled them. This time...
General, we have some important matters to discuss. I propose we meet on Gilgamesh immediately.
Ok. Meantime, station will open its docks for all allied ships. We must prepare for possible Nyx response...
Captain, I believe you should participate in planning our next operation, as well as dr. Ridley. You are our most resourceful field commander and dr. Ridley is our main scientific advisor in the absence of dr. Scott.
My thoughts exactly. What we need to do could be very difficult, perhaps even impossible. Good thing is that we have absolutely no choice. If we fail, this entire campaign will be futile and the fate of Gemini will be more uncertain than ever.
We all understand what is at stake. Tell us of your plan.
Mr. Figueroa has found evidence that Nyxians are indeed working on a way to reopen the wormhole to the Empire. Carlos...
Yes, Baeldor scouts have intercepted multiple Nyxian formations on their way to the Twins sector. They were followed by remnants of the Directorate fleet. Furthermore, our spies within the Twins sector have report Nyxian ships in that area are deploying parts of stasis technology around Starpoint.
Needles to say Starpoint must not become functional! We have no idea what the Empire has been up to for the past twenty years, but whatever it was, it can't be good for Gemini. If they obtain a gateway to our system again and decide to conquer it, we are done for. Our battered fleets can't stand against the force of the Empire. Not now.
Wait a minute... That is a dangerous possibility, but we've been cut off from Earth for two decades. Who knows if they are even aggressive anymore?
That is a possibility, but do you want to take that chance? I don't!
We must reach Sector Zero and stop them from using stasis annihilator at any cost. The problem is that Nyx is throwing everything on the shot to reopen that wormhole and bring their mighty allies. Almost every Nyx ship in Gemini is currently stationed in or around Sector Zero.
We must break through. Stasis cloaks will not work in any sector adjacent to sector zero, because our enemy has dampening fields in place. Old fashion ramming is all we have left. Arbiter Derrick and Baeldor Republic have both agreed to aid us in this mission. Derrick will engage Nyx in Junction, while Baeldor is leading the invasion of weakly defended Nyx space through occupied Observatory. League task force, led by me personally, will use the chaos created by our allies, to attempt to drill its way to the Twins. Once there, we must engage opposition and put a stop to their plan.
A few of our ships against an armada?
Nobody likes it, dr. Ridley, but we are facing a wall here! That wormhole must not be opened. Everything else is secondary. You can't back down now.
Back down? I'm not afraid. I'm just curious if there can be some less suicidal way of doing this. I know that you guys love such plans, but I prefer to live.
We are running out of time and I don't see any other way.
Believe it or not, I actually agree. I don't like it one bit, but I must agree. Fine, let's see this thing through. May fortune look favorably on us.
It is time friends. Arbiter Derrick has entered Junction and first Baeldor battleships are beginning their operation in Cross and Palomar. Our first stop is Observatory.
Look at Tesla. It's still standing... it was a good home for me these past years...
We'll rebuild it, Elenor. As long as the spirit of Tesla scientists remains alive, nothing is lost.
Ignore it. We must push forward to Cross.
There is a lot of action in this sector. The Republic is really biting hard. Return fire if attacked, but keep moving towards Palomar.
We have a problem here general. Nyx has dragged some mercenaries and every flying bucket they could find. They are beating us badly. Scouts report there is another fleet coming from Quick Buck.
Stopping is not an option, but we can't risk being overwhelmed from behind either. Captain <PlayerName>, I'm putting you in charge of the League task force. Proceed to the Twins sector and complete our mission. I'll stay here with a few ships and help Figueroa meet that Nyxian fleet.
But...
You have your orders. No time for discussion!
Requesting permission to stay behind as well, general Demetrius. I was waiting for an opportunity to be part of a legendary battle, especially one with chances like this one!
Permission granted. Thank you captain Steiger. We'll make history this day! The rest of you, what are you waiting for?!
I'll rather continue to sector zero. My dream is to fight Imperials once again. If Nyx succeeds in bringing them back, I want to be there to greet them!
Welcome captain. We have some work on our hands. Care to help? If we push them back, I'll accompany you to Starpoint.
Well, Demetrius had to stay behind. I could use another strong ship in there. Why not, but let's make it fast!
Affirmative!
Let's have some fun! HAAARG!
Nice work. Arbiter, shall we take a look at that Starpoint?
I'm eager to see it at last. Attention, Korkyran vessels. Stay here and guard this sector. You'll cover our back while we are in the Twins!
Hopefully Starpoint and the wormhole are still deep in stasis. That is the only image I want to see now...
We'll see soon enough. Let's go!
Oh no... it can't be! They've already released Starpoint and reopened the wormhole. We are too late!
Can't we close it somehow?
I think not. Not unless we recreate the original Starpoint incident and burn half of Gemini again.
Now what?
...now you can finally give up this ridiculous war and take your place in the newly reestablished order. If you do so, Empire could show mercy and leave you alive. See our Nyxian friends here? They know how to choose sides...
We defeated the Directorate once, we can do it again.
You still think you won the war of secession? Your precious Gemini League was nothing more than a nuisance to us. Once you became overconfident, we devised this plan to ensure your defeat!
Plan? What are you talking about?
We left you to believe we were defeated. Then, our best agents worked to divide your League in many factions. All this time, we had no problem in keeping you weak and separated. Finally, when the time for Starpoint reopening has come, we ignited the war between your own factions and voila... our path is now clear. You see, it takes brain and long term planning to rule an entire system. We, the Colonial Directorate, know that very well. I congratulate you on bravery, resourcefulness and sense of honor, but the game is now over. You have proved you cannot rule Gemini, so stand aside and accept the inevitable.
Nice speech, but I don't think so. If Gemini is to be under your rule again, I don't want to live in it anyway. Maybe I can't be victorious today, but I will certainly fight! Gemini League will not bow before you! Never!
Yes! We will not go down silently! If we must go, lets at least make a memorable exit!
Only now I see just what kind of people you all are. I feel honored to fight alongside true heroes! Captain, just order us and let's make history!
I still want to live, but I have faith in you. I'll do what you think is wise...
Friends in arms, I didn't fight all these battles, twenty years ago and this past year to be a slave again. I'll rather die fighting as a free man, for my own cause than live as an animal fighting for other people. If you are with me, then arm you weapons and follow me to freedom one last time!
I can appreciate that decision. I really can, captain, but consider this first...
Captain, my scans show movement from the wormhole. Yes, something is definitely coming through Starpoint and captain, it is big and I mean BIG. Readings are off the scale. We have nothing of that size in our database.
Everybody, keep your distance from the wormhole and stand ready to engage.
Hm, a present from Earth?
The very idea of Imperial presents makes my blood freeze...
Here it comes... What is that thing?!
A whole lot of trouble...
That's one BIG ship.
I've received the info. We're coming!Just hold on!
You heard the man! Let's thin their numbers a bit! Attack!
Sir, there is a priority message for us. Origin unknown.
Interesting. What's it about?
It contains the coordinates of a ship that is supposed to be under command of a wanted assassin. If we are to hunt him down, there is a significant reward.
We are in no position to turn away from profit. Follow the coordinates. (ACCEPT)
There is no time to go on a man hunt. Let the local authorities handle it. (DECLINE)
What is this now? Another lost soul craving for my bounty? I must warn you, many came before you and their miserable remains now decorate the vastness of space around us.
Did you talk them to death, or you have other skills too?
So, you are anxious to join other failed hunters? Don't let me keep you waiting!
He is gone and I have a confirmation that reward has been transferred to our account. We're done here.
Ah, the <PlayerShip>. Just the person I was looking for. I was told your crew has the ability to solve tricky situations. I'm here to put that reputation to the test.
Do we know each other?
Matters not. I am wealthy and I have a problem. Problem you can solve. I hired a group of miners to do a little job for me, but after several days at work, they decided to seize my ships and go into business themselves. I want these ships back. They are worth a fortune.
And what about the miners?
Remove them from my ships any way you please. Please hurry, time is money.
Traitorous bastards. I'll get them for you with pleasure. (ACCEPT)
I'd rather stay away from your company problems, thanks. (DECLINE)
They are firing captain! I guess they are aware of our reason for being here.
Return fire! Let's make this swift!
Oh, what an excellent work captain! Fast and USELESS! I said I want my ships back. That meant in one piece! You can forget your reward!
Not so fast! We risked our lives for your profit and wasted our time. You owe us something, unless you want to be added as target.
Stop stop! My oh my, aren't you jumpy. You can have half of what I intended. That is 10 000 credits. Now... leave me be!
The pleasure was all mine...
Captain, I think we are picking up an emergency signal from a local depot.
You think?
The signal is being jammed intentionally by a group of unknown vessels. Shall we take a closer look?
Of course, they may be in trouble and need assistance. (ACCEPT)
Negative, if the entire depot is under attack, then there must be a lot of attackers and it could be too much for us to handle. (DECLINE)
Thank you for responding captain. These rogues believe they have the right to share our supplies and as you see, our defensive capabilities are limited.
Who are you? We have business to attend here and I suggest you leave the area at once or share the same fate as those stubborn idiots at the station.
Wrong! We are here to prevent you from sacking the depot. So, I guess you are the ones to leave.
This was a close one. We are in your debt sir. Please accept a share of our resources as a reward for your service. I am confident you'll use it better than those pirates.
Nearby vessel, please, we need assistance. My ships were caught in the distortion field of this blasted anomaly. Our engines are down and the force is ripping our hull slowly.
What do you need us to do?
We could use your help in putting some distance between us and the anomaly. Perhaps your grappling beam could do the trick. Once we are free, we can conduct repairs on our own.
Sure, we'll engage our beam momentarily. (ACCEPT)
Sorry, we are overdue to the Tesla station for some important experiments. (DECLINE)
This will do, thank you so much captain. It is good to know there are still people around that care. I want you to accept this reward. It is a percentage of our profit for this journey. It is the least we could do for such a gentleman captain such as yourself.
Excuse me captain. Could you spare a moment of your time?
What is the problem?
I'm looking for a capable ship, just like your own to help me out. I have a mining team nearby.
That's great. So what?
Well, the thing is, another group of miners claim they have the exclusive mining rights here. They are on their way to “remove” our presence as we speak and since we are just a simple worker kind and you have more warrior-like look...
I get it. Well, we could use some target practice. Let s talk to your competition. (ACCEPT)
Forget it. Competition is a good thing. If you are not up to the challenge, perhaps you should leave. (DECLINE)
We appreciate the gesture captain. This meant a lot to us. Please, accept some minerals we already mined here. Thanks to you, we can proceed with our work.
Captain, we are detecting weapons discharge nearby. There is a destroyer class ship under attack nearby. It is damaged, but still operational.
Is the ship seeking help?
No, but looks like it won't be there much longer to ask for it.
Intercept the ship. We can't just watch such massacre. (ACCEPT)
Well, if they do not need help, let's leave them alone. (DECLINE)
Hello there. Since you have accidentally come this way, why don't you lend us a hand?
Gladly, but why didn't you ask for help?
Help? This is a maiden voyage of our new military vessel. We have everything under control...
Yes...except your engines and half of your weapons.
Hmm, just minor glitches...Ok, ok. Do you know that my career would be over if I requested help from the Command while in command of such a powerful ship?! Just help us or leave.
Nice work. Perhaps you should be sitting in my chair. I offer gratitude on behalf of my entire crew. Here is little something for you and something more should you decide to keep this little incident quiet...
Your secret's safe with me...
Captain, I have a situation on my hands, a situation you can help me with.
I'm listening.
I have been challenged to a duel by a notorious pirate. Of course, I accepted...
Of course...
...and now I have learned that the pirate in question has an unmatched score in such duels. Not to mention a strong ship...
You need help in taking him out?
Heavens no! That would be cheating! I am ready to meet him, whatever the outcome, but I would like you to transport my fiancée to safety.
You brought your fiancée to a duel?
Several hours ago it looked like an easy task! Will you help me or not?
We are ready to transport her to the nearest station now. (ACCEPT)
Nope, you must play your own game to the end. The winner takes it all. (DECLINE)
Your gesture means a lot to me. Here are some Credits. That should cover her expenses as well as yours. Keep her safe for me!
No problem. Are you sure you don't want help in your fight?
Positive. But I'll fight better now, knowing that my honey is safe
Whatever you wish. Good luck.
You! Stop! You are going to help me!
What!?
I have a contract to deliver 120 iron ore to XXX depot, but my mining equipment is malfunctioning. You'll do it for me.
Get out of here! I'm not your lackey and if you continue in such a tone, more of your systems will be malfunctioning.
Did I say that my contract is a very lucrative one? It means there would be plenty for you too. So, make it fast!
Ok then. I could use money, even from an idiot like you. (ACCEPT)
Forget it. If I stay another minute with someone as annoying as you, I'll shoot you! (DECLINE)
Well, you took your time! Hand over the ore and be gone. Here's your money!
I wish I could say it was a pleasure, but... just goodbye.
Greetings captain! How would you feel about earning some serious money? All you need is some courage and maybe a bit of madness. Interested?
Could be. What did you have in mind?
Just recently we had an unpleasant skirmish with a group of mercenaries. They stole schematics for a new type of military station. It is essential that we get those plans back! Since our ships took some heavy beating, it is up to you to stop them. This is no easy task, but the reward will be worthwhile, trust me!
Bring them on! I love a good challenge! (ACCEPT)
Are you crazy? Both your ships have failed and now you would have me go into certain death? (DECLINE)
I can hardly believe this! You actually did it! Congratulations captain. Perhaps you should consider a military career. Anyways, your spectacular performance has earned you our respect and this fair reward. Until we meet again...
There is an automated message for any ship entering this particular area. It originates from the council of Nexus Scientificum.
It is rare for them to communicate like this. What is the message about?
They lost two ships nearby trying to investigate a strange anomaly. Reluctant to send more ships, they are now offering a reward for anyone willing to come close enough and investigate the occurrence for them.
We could use a break from fighting. Let's go hunt some anomalies.
This is not a scientific ship. Proceed on our original course.
Scans complete. I'm transmitting them to Nexus now...done. The council has acknowledged our data and sent the proposed reward. Our mission is complete.
Just great! This is the kind of ship I was waiting for. If only you could spare some time to aid a fellow captain.
What's troubling you?
We are under contract to repair several satellites in this area and we have done so except with the last one, just nearby. Couple of rogue ships are holding position there and they have already started stripping the satellite of anything they can use.
So you'd like to see them gone?
Exactly! Seeing as your ship has much more firepower, it would be an easy task for you. Naturally, compensation can be expected.
Easy money. We'll fix your problem. (ACCEPT)
I don't think so. Your contract; your problem. (DECLINE)
Incredible, it seemed so simple for you. There, your credits have been transferred. Thank you and farewell.
Captain, the sight of your weapons is beautiful. Would you mind releasing some of its power against my foes? You can pick you reward, but step in fast!
How could I refuse such a generous offer? Make room for us! (ACCEPT)
I'll pass. For all I know, perhaps you deserve to be destroyed. (DECLINE)
Your efficiency is commendable. I'm almost sorry it's already over. Here, these funds are for you. Don't spend them all in one place.
Captain, these ships have been destroyed recently. There's also a transmission buoy active.
Put it on speakers.
If you are receiving this transmission, that means we are history. The ships that were following us for the last few days are becoming hostile. I don't know what intentions they have, but should they destroy us, I must ask for another to step in and finish our task. Please, retrieve the cargo from our vessels and transport it to the local station. They are expecting it and will pay honest money for it.
That is it. What shall we do captain?
Scan the derelicts and transport all salvage materials. Then lay in a course to the depot. We'll finish the job for them. (ACCEPT)
Resume course. I don't like this view no more than any of you, but we cannot be delayed any longer. (DECLINE)
Captain, the station commander has scanned our cargo has transported the items they were waiting for. We can keep the rest of it and the reward. The station crew is deeply thankful for our effort.
Captain , we're receiving a distress call, the signature is faint, I'm modifying our sensors to remove the background noise... Done...
Patch 'em through lieutenant.
To all nearby vessels please respond, we will not be able to withstand much longer...
What seems to be the problem captain?
The commlink is silent sir. We're getting nothing else, but I've calculated roughly where the signal came from... Shall we proceed to those coordinates?
Enter coordinates lieutenant and engage! (ACCEPT)
No lieutenant, steady as she goes, we're proceeding as planned. (DECLINE)
Sir, we've reached our destination, one ship is caught inside an anomaly and the other is standing still, but with weapons fully charged...
Captain, you're entering my territory now, you would be wise to turn your ship and leave the area, “Solarflare” is my catch. I found it! Do not make me repeat myself!
Captain! Please, help! Me and my crew, we're scientists, not warriors.  We've been scanning the anomaly, when this ruffian came along and opened fire. That's why we thrust ourselves into the anomaly. His weapons can't reach us now. I can't pull us out as long as this shark is here, he'll surely overwhelm us, but I also can't stay inside for much longer either, our shields will collapse...
I've given you a chance to save your neck Captain... You've wasted it....
Thank you Captain and thank your crew. We were practically a goner there... As a sign of our gratitude, we're transporting a few containers of ionized gas we've collected on our mission here to your cargo hold.  We do not need as much for our further studies and I hear it holds a hefty price in certain sectors...
That'll do just fine sir. I will take my leave now and please plan your mission more carefully next time. Criminals are always found in abundance wherever you go. <PlayerShip> out...
Captain, we're being hailed...
On screen.
Thanks for your response sir. I hope you don't mind my asking, but are you by any chance heading for Manzanilla Depot?
As a matter of fact, yes we might pass near the Manzanilla soon. Why do you ask? (ACCEPT)
No, I'm sorry, but I've got other business to attend at the moment. (DECLINE)
Among my crew, there is a passenger I've taken onboard, a future station director of Manzanilla and he just has to be on the station as soon as possible, I don't have all the details myself, but he's rather getting on my nerves, like my crew doesn't already have enough problems with our engines not working, he's in everyone's way pushing people to work harder, 'cause “he just mustn't pass the meeting”, I don't know, it's like a matter of life and death to the crazy guy...
So you'd like me to...what? Send my crew over to repair the damage?
No, that'd be too much, we can handle ourselves pretty well, the Cartel has it's crews well equipped and ready for the job, but this nut, that's a different story, we just can't take it anymore. You've got a faster ship, he's offering 10000 credits if you take him onboard and go to Manzanilla...
Very well, transport him over to us... 
Thank you captain, hope you don't go mad with him being around.
Lieutenant, escort the manager to his quarters and make sure he stays there until we reach Manzanilla. Helm, enter coordinates for Manzanilla depot!
Sir, I've personally escorted the annoying director off the ship, we're ready to go as soon as you are.
Captain, our sensors are detecting an automated message from an unknown ship nearby. She is dead in space.
Let's hear it.
If you are hearing this automated message, it means we are probably incapacitated by the incredible natural force that swept across this sector several days ago. We have seen what it did to several other ships in the adjacent sectors and if indeed the same destiny met us...please, do the merciful thing and end our misery. Once you reach our location you'll understand everything...
That is it. What shall we do?
It is our duty to investigate what happened. Take us to their last known location. (ACCEPT)
That's not our problem. If we go there, we risk being caught in the incident ourselves. (DECLINE)
The distress call was transmitted from this ship...My goodness... This really is a dreadful sight. Whatever happened to them is terrible. It tore the very fabric of biological matter on that vessel to pieces...
Can we restore it somehow?
Looks like they have already tried it and this is the result. Members of the crew are scattered through the entire ship and on most places they have fused with physical materials, bulkheads and hull.
Are they alive?
As far as the sensors show, no, but it is hard to do accurate scan under these conditions. How shall we proceed?
They wanted us to do the merciful thing, and since they are beyond help, we shall send them away gracefully. Last thing they would want is to become a test subject for some scientists. Lock our weapons and destroy that ship.
This is the science vessel Troy. Would you be interested in helping us with a little problem?
If you explain what it's about, we can decide.
Our small task force is set to visit the nearby asteroid cluster. They emit strange radiation which, we believe, can be harvested as a very potent source of energy.
But...?
But, several mercenary ships have been detected in the area and they are rarely friendly to us. Our ships are equipped for exploration and we would have no chance if engaged. Also, should our instruments suffer damage in the attack, our endeavor is finished. Maybe you could go there and persuade them to leave.
Agreed. We'll head there and clear the way for you. (ACCEPT)
I have had enough of mercenaries lately. Sorry, but hunting down more of them is not on my priority list. (DECLINE)
Captain, our sensors are no longer detecting mercenary ships. Our way is clear.  How you did it, I care little, but thank you. This is your payment... 
Captain <PlayerName>, you have a nice ship there. I bet it is capable of travelling through any nebula in this sector. That makes it exactly the ship I'm looking for.
Really? Why is that?
My first officer took the ship inside nearby nebula for a little survey. He hasn't reported back yet and soon after him, another ship entered the same nebula. It hasn't returned either. Would you mind investigating those disappearances for me? I am without a ship currently...
Of course, send us their last known coordinates and we'll see what we can find out. (ACCEPT)
Forget it. Nebulas give me the creeps. I try to avoid them. (DECLINE)
The ship is turning around for an attack run on us, captain!
If that's what they want... Alert! Lock weapons!
Captain, this derelict has the same hull signature as the ship we're looking for. We should return to the station and inform our contractor of these dire news.
And? What news do you bring me?
I'm sorry, but your ship has been destroyed, along with its crew.
That is terrible...Thank you. I'll transfer a little something for your effort. Now, if you'll excuse me, I must start searching for a new ship.
Sir, there is an urgent message from a nearby ship working for the Mining Consortium.
Let's hear it.
Captain, since you are currently in this area, this opportunity will be presented to you first. There is a cargo ship, Ruther, on a course near you. It is transporting a criminal that sabotaged our facility at the Vorron moon. We want that man. Preferably alive, but not necessary. Handsome reward is guaranteed.
How could we pass on such a deal? Send us the coordinates. (ACCEPT)
We do not do such things. Perhaps you should address the authorities. (DECLINE)
Excellent, we'll have a ship standing by when you succeed.
This is the ship we are looking for. Doesn't look like they'll cooperate.
Combat stations. Target the subsystems. Lower its shields and try to transport our target as soon as possible.
Sir, the target is transported and secured, but the cargo ship is continuing its assault.
Their decision. Destroy it.
They are gone. We were sent a communiqué a ship is waiting for us at the edge of the sector.
This was fast and efficient. We are transporting the prisoner at once. Your assistance is appreciated. This is your reward and there is something extra for bringing him alive. And captain, be sure we'll find you again in the future should we need more services. We like doing business with efficient captains...
Most excellent, another ship that might be willing to help.
Help? In what way? And what's in it for us besides wasting time?
We are a part of a trading union and our route is taking us across this sector and right through the dust cloud. This particular dust cloud was a scene of some unpleasant skirmishes in recent weeks. Your escort would be very useful as a deterrent. For compensation, naturally. We don't expect you to waste your time in vain.
That sounds fine to me. Lead the way. We are right behind you. (ACCEPT)
I have no time to follow you around. There are five of your ships. I think you can handle it. (DECLINE)
Captain, it is time for your show. We are under attack!
More hostiles, engage them!
It is ok. We'll be fine from here. Captain, we appreciate your help, but your protection was barely adequate. We've lost one of our freighters. It is a great lost for us!
Are you trying to tell me something?
The money intended for your reward will not even compensate for our lost ship. I think we owe you nothing.
Captain Bale, don't play with me! We risked our ship for your cargo. Either pay what was agreed, or risk our wrath. We have ways of enforcing the debt.
So you are just another bully? You surprise me.
Start transferring money or my weapons will surprise you as well! I can't stand dishonest traders.
Fine fine. Here's you money. But be aware that I intend to spread word of your conduct.
Do as you will, now, get out of my face, scum!
Sir, there is a transmission coming from that anomaly. It is highly distorted, but resembles a standard distress signal. I'm patching it through now...
This is scout ship Blazer. We are caught inside the anomaly. If anyone is receiving this message, please, fire your grappling beam at our coordinates. It should stabilize us long enough to break free.
You heard the man. Let's give them a hand. (ACCEPT)
This is weird. If they can communicate from the anomaly, why didn't they ask for help before we came? I think it is best to ignore this one. (DECLINE)
Finally, another idiot. I thought I'd have to wait in that anomaly forever. It is so hard to lure a decent prey these days. As for you captain, thanks for being so naive. Prepare to fight!
Attention <Playership>! We have an offer for you. Please respond!
Yes? What do you need?
We need urgent transport to XXX station. Our ship is in a bad shape, and soon it will be in even worse.
Oh? How do you know that?
I'm a prophet! Does it matter? In a few moments a group of military ships will arrive here and my ship will be gone...for good!
What did you do wrong? Or are they simply mistaken?
We have obtained valuable research plans...somewhat illegally, but very lucrative. Come on, stop asking questions. Just take my crew and evade them. If you take us to safety, I'll make you a very rich man!
Fine. I care not what you did. You do not deserve to be murdered in cold blood. Prepare to transport to our ship. (ACCEPT)
I'm not here to protect thugs! Stay here and meet your destiny. Hell, I'm tempted to help the military myself! (DECLINE)
All crew members of the damaged ship are onboard our vessel. We can make our way to the XXX station.
Proceed! Maximum speed! We cannot outgun them this time. 
Nice race, wouldn't you say?
Let's get this clear. I do not like you or your kind. Just pay us what we have agreed and get off my ship.
Another honest soul? And where did that take you in life? Enjoy our money and bon voyage.
You there! Your ship looks tough enough. Care for some extra money?
What do you want? Who is responsible for the destruction of these ships?
I am. They were a part of rival „entrepreneur“....
You are an outlaw?
So what?! Are you the police? Certainly doesn't seem that way. Let's cut to the chase. If you locate and destroy my opponent, I'll make it worth generously. He will be traveling along others in a small convoy probably. I want him taken care of and do with the rest of the ships as you will.
Sounds tempting. And the less or you are still around, the better. (ACCEPT)
I don't make deals with scum like you. Do your own dirty work! (DECLINE)
This ship we have just destroyed had the correct ID of our target. Our mission is done. Our success is acknowledged and the reward has been transferred to our account.
Another looter? I have a bad news for you, little captain. We have arrived here first and everything you see belongs to us!
Sir, we are detecting life signs on those derelicts. They need help!
You hear that? We must help those injured!
You must do only one thing: leave! Our men will take care of the rest. The loot from this battle is ours and the crew? We didn't attack them, they are not our responsibility. Captain, this is your final warning!
Our duty is to help. If that means confrontation with these mercenaries, so be it! (ACCEPT)
They are right. This is not our problem. Continue on previous course. (DECLINE)
There are no more hostiles in the area and we have transported five survivors. I think there is nothing else we can do...
Guess that's it from me, captain. They got me good.
I can't help you anymore, captain. This time they gave me quite a beating.
I'm out, commander. It'll take some time to fix the Stafinder.
Captain, Starfinder is dead in space. They've been beaten badly.
Figueroa sends word they're out. They'll need some time to get up and running.
They gunned my down, commander. You're on your own until we get this mess fixed.
Captain, I apologize, but it seems I won't be of any help for some time. We're dead in space.
Don't rely on us captain. We're out for the time being.
Judicator Derrick sends word his ship is disabled. Repairs are under way.
Captain, Derrick is out. His ship is badly damaged and it'll take time to get her up and running.
Escort ships are gone.
That takes care of the freighters.
Sir? We need that ship.
Taking that freighter is our mission, captain.
I don't think destroying that ship is a good idea, commander.
Captain! The Centauri has been destroyed!
Good riddance...  Captain Meldor.
Figueroa has arrived! Thank heavens!
Quickly! Fire on the T-Gate with everything you have! We have to slow them down!
Now what do we do?
It's their move... We'll wait, Elenor, we'll wait...
Affirmative, captain! Retreating as ordered.
Morse to assault teams: general retreat ASAP!
You heard the captain! Transport back now!
Morse here! They're dropping us like flies! We're pulling out!
Captain! We're almost gone! I'm ordering full retreat!
They're decimating us! We're transporting back onboard!
Sir! We've done it! <CapturedShip> is ours! We can tow it home.
All done captain! <CapturedShip> is dead in space waiting for grappling.
Sir, Morse here! <CapturedShip> is ready for towing to the station.
Commander Morse. Status.
Give me a rundown of the ship's status, commander.
What's the situation, Morse?
Morse, talk to me. What's going on?
How's the ship holding, commander?
The ship is holding together, captain, but we have no propulsion. I suggest using the grappler to get us to a nearby station.
We can make it to a station in one piece, captain, but not on our own. Our engines are down and we're working on auxiliary power only.
No worries, captain. The ship won't break in half... for now. We will need assistance in reaching well... anywhere. Most systems are offline, including engines and thrusters. Grab us with the grappling beam and tow us to a nearby station.
POWs are secured. There's no danger of them overtaking the ship back, captain. The main problem is getting anywhere. We can't do that at the moment. Engines are down and the ship is basically a floating wreck. We'll need a tow, sir.
Engines are down so you'll have to grapple us, but on the up side, life support is working... at the moment anyway. We're having some power shortages, but the engineer says we can make it to a station, if you grapple us and drag us there.
Most systems are shot, power's down to a minimum, oxygen is low, recyclers burned out. Basically, we're dead in space, sir. We'd appreciate a tow to a nearby station.
Captain, this ship is in no condition to travel anywhere on its own. We need a tow, unfortunately.
Aye captain?
Morse  here captain. Go ahead.
Field commander Morse answering hail.
Yes captain? What are your orders?
Ready for duty, sir. Your orders?
Commander, pull your men back to the ship. We're leaving that wreck behind. Set it to self-destruct.
We can't drag that bucket with us. Abandon and destroy that ship, commander. That's an order.
Time to leave that space coffin, Morse. Set the ship to explode and get back to the ship. We're leaving ASAP.
There's no use in holding on to that wreck. Gather your troopers and transport back onboard. And don't forget to set the vessel to blow up, will you?
Enjoying the vacation, commander? Well, it ends now. Gather everyone and come back to the ship, commander. We'll scuttle that ship.
Affirmative, captain. Scuttle and evacuate.
Aye aye! Setting charges in a moment.
Roger that, sir. Retreating.
Troopers! You heard the captain. Set self-destruct and pull out.
Got it, sir. We're as good as gone.
Greetings commander. I see you're dragging a ship behind you. What do you intend to do with it?
Hello and welcome, captain. Well, well, well. I see you went fishing and something got caught in the net. 
Captain; station regulations prohibit docking with such additional cargo. What will you do with that grappled ship?
What an interesting fleet you have there! Bwahaha!... Ah, I crack myself every time... Seriously; what's it gonna be? Are you gonna sell that junk or what?
Ahoy captain! I see you have a little something tugging along. What's your plan with it?
Oh it's just a little something I scooped up in my travels. Interested in buying it? It's only collecting dust, being dragged around like this.
I'm towing that ship around to see what I can get for it. It's been in better shape than this, but it can still be useful to someone.
I don't even know why I'm wasting time with that vessel, but I figured since I captured it, I might as well sell it and make some profit.
Aye! 'Tis my prize after a glorious battle, worthy of the greatest of heroes. The barge is alas, getting in the way of my new heroic feats and I wish to part ways with it.
I'm interested in selling it. I have no need for it myself, but perhaps someone could put it to good use.
Actually, I'm going to keep that ship, but sell this one. After a bit of repairs and refitting, it'll be perfect. Perhaps you're interested in my current ship?
I won that ship in a fair fight. It was a nice beating, I tell you. Anyhow, I'm keeping it. It will be my new vessel, but I am selling this one if you want to have a look.
I was thinking about selling my current ship and keeping that one for myself. Know anyone who'd be interested in buying my vessel?
Wanna buy my ship? I mean my current one. I'll be transferring equipment and crew to the one I'm dragging around with my grappler.
I'll be transferring command to this new ship and selling my current ship. Interested in buying it perhaps?
I actually might be of help there captain. I can take that wreck off your hands. I'll even pay <Credits> Credits for it. What do you think?
We don't have a dealership here, but I guess I can take it, polish it up and resell it. I'll give you <Credits> Credits for it.
Hmmm... That's not such a bad idea you have there, friend. I'll take that ship off your hands. Seeing as even junk has a price these days, I'll give you <Credits> for it. Deal?
This ain't the first time I've done a side job like this. <Credits> Credits is what I'm prepared to give you for that ship. Take it or leave it.
This is your lucky day! I might take it off your hands and throw in <Credits> Credits as well. How 'bout it?
You, sir, just bought yourself a ship.
Excellent! I'll take it.
Fair enough. I'll agree to that.
Sold! I'll transfer the command codes, while you transfer the Credits.
Deal!
I don't think so. You can have this fine piece of space-worthy marvel for <MoreCredits> Credits.
Make it <MoreCredits> and this beauty's yours.
I can agree to <MoreCredits>, but no less for such a sturdy vessel.
<MoreCredits>, commander. Fix 'er up a bit and you can double your profit.
You know very well this ship is worth more than that. <MoreCredits> and we have a deal.
You drive a hard bargain, captain. Deal.
Aye to that. It's a good vessel. I'll take that deal.
I can accept that, commander. You've got yourself a deal.
It's practically robbery, but ok. I'll take it.
Fine, fine. I'll take it.
Captain, you're barking up the wrong command post. <LessCredits> is the last offer. Yes or no?
I have to say no to that, but seeing as you're so eager to bargain with me let's see what you'll say to this. <LessCredits> Credits. Take it or leave it.
Ermm...no. I'm not giving you a point over <LessCredits>. What's it gonna be, captain?
Heh... Captain, I come from a family of traders. You can't outwit me. Final offer is <LessCredits>. You in or out?
Absolutely not! This is highway robbery! <LessCredits>. Take it or leave it!
Fine. I'll take it. The ship would only get in the way.
*Sigh* I had to try. No hard feelings, I hope. Just business. Deal.
Very well. I'll agree to that. Transferring command codes now.
You're robbing me blind, but I don't have any more time to waste on this. You have a deal.
I can't drag this bucket all over Gemini. I'll take your offer.
RESPONSE 3B
RESPONSE 3B
RESPONSE 3B
RESPONSE 3B
RESPONSE 3B
Welcome to the Gladiatrix captain. What can we do for you?
Ahoy commander. Gladiatrix supervisor here. Go ahead.
Unidentified vessel, this is the Gladiatrix. State your request.
Requesting permission to dock.
We'd like to dock and take our chances in the arena.
I'm considering entering the battle arena and would like to dock.
Would you please explain what Gladiatrix is all about.
I'd like to know more about this Gladiatrix. What is it you do?
You could start by explaining what Gladiatrix actually is.
Nothing at the moment, sorry.
My apologies. I hailed you by mistake.
On the second thought, nothing. We'll continue on.
Gladiatrix is a battle arena, like the coliseums of old. Pick a fight of your choosing, place your wager and enter the arena to beat your opponents senseless. Whoever wins, takes the pot. There's a whole plethora of “official explanations”, but I won't bore you with that nonsense. This should be sufficient. The important thing to remember is: what happens in Gladiatrix, stays in Gladiatrix. No vendetta fighting outside the arena. If you do that, we make sure the Guild shows you why that wasn't smart. So? What will it be captain?
Where do you think you're going? Stop now or be disqualified!
This is your final warning! Stop or you forfeit!
What are you, a chicken? You'll be thrown out if you continue on that course.
That's it. You're obviously not interested in fighting. Get out of here!
Aaaand... you're disqualified, captain. The pot goes to your opponent.
You've left the arena and that, my friend means, you're out of the game. You lose!
Great fight, captain, great fight! We're transferring the Credits to your account now.
Wow! That was an awesome display of power and tactics! You deserve the Credits.
That's it! You've done it! You've won! The pot, as always goes to the winner. Don't spend it all in one place.
You were not permitted to leave the area! This is a direct violation of your standing orders, ensign. I see this was a mistake. You're here by stripped of your command.
Oh no you won't! I'd rather die than become a prisoner!
No time for idle conversation captain. We've got work to do.
Can't do that sir. We need it.
We've just become wanted fugitives in Korkyran space.
The Republic wants our heads, captain. They'll attack us on sight.
This just made us some very powerful enemies on Nyx.
Not very hard to make enemies in Gemini. Independent sectors have issued an arrest warrant for us.
It's safe to say, Rogues hate our guts from now on.
Sir! Gemini League marked us as traitors! We're no longer welcome on League stations!
Hope this doesn't come as a surprise sir, but the Colonial Directorate considers us their sworn enemy.
Mercenary guild just posted bounties on our heads, captain.
Some very smart blokes have just become very agitated with us. Nexus will attack us from now on.
We've somehow managed to anger the Liberation Front in Korkyra.
Baeldor Resistance has marked us as an eligible target for their ships.
Even the Traders don't want us near anymore, sir. They're prepared to pay a large bounty for us.
We should beware of Cartel ships. They were given a green light to attack us.
Revenant ships have us marked us enemies, sir. We should steer clear of them.
The largest company in Gemini wants our blood. MultiOps has proclaimed their hostility toward us.
Reinforcements have arrived!
Great timing!
Damocles to fleet. Concentrate your fire on the Leviathan!
That's it! The monstrosity is dead!
Incoming ships from Gateway! They're not giving up that easily!
Captain. Retreat to Junction. We'll stay here and hold them off. Shut down the Tgate on that side.
Sir!? You'll be trapped in here! I can't...!
I gave you a direct order and I expect you to follow it! Now GO!
I... Affirmative, sir. It's been an honor! <PlayerShip> out.
The Archimedes has fallen!
The Freimann is gone, sir.
We've lost the Starfinder!
Anathema's in pieces.
